he's next to go bro
Late night last night.
it's my fault I'm sorry
Griffin shoots on his way down. Irks me.
I could go for a nice post dinner cheese plate. What kind of host are you, ?
If the #2 pencil is so popular then why is it number 2? 😳
Have you given your presentation yet? How's the conference going?
Melo is a scorer nobody can stop him at all! He is usually threading scorer not this year though
i dnt have fb sry. but if i did i would ill RT
Lost last night was ok. Highlight was def. Sawyer putting Jack in his place. Love him! Anyways, just 24 hrs til I'm in Houston! Beer Bike!!!
No One Saves Us But Ourselves. No One Can & No One May. We Ourselves Must Walk The Path.
I'm not speechless often, but I have no words right now. :P
follow me on tumblr bro
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music! Is that you?
ha! That's hilarious.
#nms30 something fun for every little American History learner! www.historyglobe.com/jamestown/
Lol! I knew something was up!
Would have to know investment, objectives, metrics, etc.
It's a beautiful day!!
With every bad experience comes a learning opportunity to better prepare you when the same situation comes back around. Live & learn.
Are you ready for some Football!!!! Redskins and Cowboys tonight!!!
Or tweet us your question!
okay well that's not too bad xD
What's your personal vision?
Whelp traffic in NYC
Hope your move to SF went well! For fun, try Hangar One in Alameda. Great tour! We just explored Great Lakes beer, here in OH.
That is so amazingly sweet
Don't think so. Can You re-send?
Feeding frenzy. He doesn't want to be the last guy to jump onto the train.
knock 'em dead! RT : #hth2012 my & 's paper is in is about to begin. Session is social media, new media & the past.
Google is taking aim at Apple’s dominance of online music; Android users can buy music on the web & automatically sync it to their phones.
was good?
Oh, I agree! Too much new stuff to spend time on stuff you're already read.
If you listen to the right music with the windows down, the #Nashville #cicadaattack provides a little extra eerie quality.
Catch DJ T. On air at 5:30pm on Vamos a la Playa
you're all the way in Scottsdale?!
Go follow
when are we doing a #blaufränkisch #winechat ? :-)
Joint birthday party?
California i MISS YOU! Ill be back son :)
Is it 5:00? I WANT TO PAINT!
( though it was a fun commission I hope I can show you guys soon. Only had time to do line art, wish I coulda colored it)
TYLER POSEY!!!!!!! YOU NEED TO TWEET a HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
You have only been on a cruise for a day and I miss you tons already
Third match has begun! Tune in and keep tweeting about GSL We're already trending in the US! BlizzardCup
try and get tickets for the phils Tuesday. Games at 105 but fuck it
How true! RT! we may have to create our own medicating area ....
I Hate How If You Have A BestFriend Thats A Guy EveryOne Thinks Your Dating
Had a dream last night that I forgot to check my facebook for a few days & everyone from my class in HS had died & I missed it and or did it
hey!!! That's great!! I was wondering. Yeah, musicians are lame.
yea buddy
vs Think of it as Chris Bourque fighting Scott Gomez.
How are people not going out of their minds cheering right now?
im so sorry about angel</3
ESD is turning into Fez....ugh
RT Cheryl Kravitz panel discussion w/ , , #RTMedia the first one was great. Enjoy!
Go out of your way to show appreciation today!
You let your employees talk on the phone and email, let them blog.
At Serbia Tourism event. Director acknowledged image is big hurdle they face in drawing more tourists.
As you do.
So exciting.. Welcome + Congratulations!
You've found out, i've got a crush on you. Ah yea 👌
A writer should write with his eyes and a painter paint with his ears. ~Gertrude Stein
Awesome! How bout you?:)
She wants to fall in love with you but shes afraid of getting hurt afraid of lies and afraid she'll end up with only tears in her eyes
#scarymovierulestoliveby don't have sex with another character within the first 15 minutes of the film.
Next sunday i shall watch #thehungergames movie by which time i hope to be reading the third and unfortunately last book the though makes 😢
SO EXCITED TO SEE MY SUPERSTARS TONGIHT and goodluck<3
Hey friends of , our Blue Box team will be next week (incl. party w/ Pivotal & New Relic on Monday!), so let's connect!!
any game is on there any time you need to watch
gonna rain tomorrow.... cool...
Goodmorning all you beautiful people out there!!
I fucking hate Bitches that have no class, and no ass!! lol
I want to reach out to any singers out there who think they can't make it to their dreams. Just keep going. Keep dreaming. Keep pushing.
I heard through the grapevine that you were in need of kind words. All of us Cat Fans wish you well.....even the old ones!
define "perfect"
I have it - very good just need to know your cable co. Acct #
it was amazing!!!
Another Meal in the works...another Culinary Catastrophe waiting to happen.
I have to get this physical at 4.
i am a miracle
Difficulty is the excuse history never accepts.-Edward R. Murrow
Heart broken 😢💔
Why does the postal service not raise rates on bulk mail? I get mail from credit cards and insurance cos daily. Bulk mail is too cheap.
I gotta re-do a video because of copy rights -_- -Proto
I unscrewed all but one lightbulb in our bathrooms to make everyone look better, unfortunately, I now only have half my eyebrow!
Goodmorning Everyone... Tomorrow is the day! The #FarragutNorth curtain rises for Black Lab #Theatre at
Live your dreams. Never wake up!
this girls description is LOADING???? cannot wait to sit down and read it.
RT : "Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." - Mark Twain. Plz RT
should be on the court at all times
What I would give for a good Black and Mild right now. Ugh.
“Studies show homophobia is more common among people with an unannounced attraction to others of the same sex.” uh oh
Delegations for dozens of world leaders visiting Chicago for the NATO Summit will stress city resources,
Its magic ya know...never believe its not so. Haha you're welcome and thanks for the follow suggestion!
I'm Mr. Piggy
RT : I really support Tough job. But has to lay down the law. Time to make the game MORE fair. RT if you agree.
After watching this Shane Mosley fight from last Saturday, Shane needs to go ahead and retire. He's a hall of famer. Now hang it up...
Hate it when men try to spit game real men dont spit game because they are to real to even play games smh follow me and I will follow u back
I'll be at Fox5DC studio w pitchfork and torch before frigging post-game ends! This is insane!
I wish I was British. British accents are attractive. ;D
what if it was bad and the family hates you?
Good thing. So, I should be glad for the time to get stuff done & then I can PLAY all weekend!
I still have a long way to go, especially on the cleans (keeping the bar close). Thanks for checking the video out, Coach!
“: My knee felt good during yesterdays half so I'm giving myself the green light to start training (conservatively)." Yay!!
Hurt myself again today and, the worst part is there's no-one else to blame.
im so swole that the salad bar opened right after I ordered.
"Gentleness is strength under control."
thanks. we're big fans btw.
just found a ton of expired ink cartridges from Pike's HP days.. can we recycle??
Shopping al day🌇💙
If I had the chance, I'd be eating Starr every day. Those edamame dumplings were out of this world!
Photos from last night...
Thanks for the retweet. Glad you liked the comment.
A self-conscious and anxiety-producing scientism unites both Marx and Lacan and produces the tensions in their work.
In about 15 min, Matt Need's "The News As I See It" hits you... get all the news you'll never need at 10a, 2p & 4p every day!...
So found out the my dog is mixed with black lab and husky. Which explains that he sheads 24/7 lol, lots of hair to clean.
you should always be hard on yourself :P
Holy crap... just got caught up on #Parenthood. I'll say it again... one of the best shows on TV right now.
#Bibliotech12 Can humanities overcome the limitations of
thank you thank you! i just got home and heard your vm and tweet
Admit it. U want Jerry in you (;
Safe (and pleasant!) travel!
View our new Facebook site: www.facebook.com/closys. Share your experience with CloSYS and how it fits into your life.
do you ever come down here and visit?
Adrian Gonzalez is no Paul O'Niell.
Step into the living room and I'm just going to ignore how all the cat's toys are on the dog's blanket.
Her toes are coming out the front.
On my way to Huberts to hang out w/ , & for a Home Opener pre party, stop by & say hi!
watch the video we just posted and see if we're close to you!
Even a classic burrito can be diet-friendly at Taco Time NW – Just choose whole wheat, no cheese and mild salsa in place of dressing.
Chris Getz is still a #royal. The last remaining link to Carlos Beltran.
"Dear Justin, if you were my Boyfriend your Jerry would never be alone." Pregnant Because Of Jerry ;)
The people who can ignore the current economic situation and want to have a stock price run-up are in fat city today.
The Heat seem so much bigger than all the rest.
Thanks for your support and mention~ we appreciate your sponsorship of !!
IM SO EXCITED!!
also how can i link your show to my site, as well I'm looking for a web designer/administrator, your site guy did a great job
seriously. It's not safe out here with the Lakers.
Hey Pittsburgh: We're filling up fast with Prom appointments. Book yours now before it's too late. Come get gorgeous!
RT : After coaching LeBron James and Kobe Bryant, one thing is certain: Mike Brown is going to write a great book someday.
hi tweeter!
Envy is a murdering spirit that exists mostly between brothers with the same dream (I.e. Cain & Abel). AVOID IT!
i () absolutely love chiptole. def. my fav place to eat on the road.
I know! It's so good, and it's like dirt cheap if you just get the California rolls!
A game that is John Lackey vs Brian Matusz should be banned from TV for graphic and disturbing imagery.
I picked Kansas to be in the final four!
sounds good, Gallery Hop is on that Saturday too, we could promote heavily on High St
how did you like the fencing show?
Hey roise whats up with ur show on own did they cancel it or r u on vac please tell me u r coming back on???
just found the kittens!
I went to his office and he was there lol. We talked for a min and he gave me a book on the HIstory of Rock n Roll
we have gobstoppers. U jelly?
one time i joked to my mom and said "i like my men how i like my coffee. black." and now she says wiz khalifa is my husband :-(
uhm..then stop tweeting me? Like seriously? It goes both ways. And same to you darling.
omg its rainning.
WAIT....are you selling your tickets or??
It's follow friday, my good man! When you tell people who they should be following!
RIP Donna Summer. I grew up on your music
Graduating is so tight butthole
I really enjoy when I plug my iPhone in and it says it needs to be restored...? No, I didn't choose to restore it.
Met and chatted with the new Leatherface from the new Leatherface 3D. #horrorflick Geek out!
Bad pitching, bad hitting, bad fielding and baserunning that leaves a wee bit to be desired...Giants look, in a word, awful so far
And, I am as well...Thank you.
Can you follow please?(: And way weren't you at the radio station? Would've made it 3x as better,No It would have made Perfect
I know the next O's jersey I'm getting. Ed Reed.
U will always be my .....
RT : Such as we see when men restrain their breath
I would give up a fifth round pick. Maybe a fourth for choice.
did you know Santa Fe is now 402 years old?
Here is the link send me a pic when you decide which one you are getting .. you can enter what you are looking for in search
Paramount Public Relations is looking for an intern to work from 9-5 p.m, 15-20 hours a week, or 2-3 days a week. Tasks include supporting …
Is anyone taking the SAT tomorrow at warren ?! 😁
But the same day, I saw another flying over my head: D
Im a dj its in my blood... I anit going to stop rocking this shit... You know what it is...
check out the wall on The Vox Essence Music Competition there's a mini contest for an interview lets get it guys!
TOTALLY. But I still want Troy to go on an immunity run and shake shit up or its going to be a boring next 5 episodes.
Richie a trader lol
An eclipse of the sun- japan inundated with tsunami.
returning tomorrow to get the music up to par! Get to Moorea early, open 11-7pm!
pretty please with a 1000 cherries on top pick me
#FYI RT : hotspacho is a euphemism for ejaculation
I have many cool things to share in 140 characters or less. Like a RAD photo show here in #MKE that you HAVE to see!
If Baltimore wins, we are headlining the summer tour!
The best thing about me is you.
If you do + you can go on forever.
did my buddy get to come home
great wine... thnx for sharing.
Fantastic!! That should be a killer performance.The whole city should go.The acoustics are amazing in the hall.Best ever IMO
Bryce Harper just stole home!
any suggestions for hotels near The Rangers ballpark in Arlington?
my phone!! :D ive missed it!
Just like a car needs to be tuned up for better performance so does the body and mind. Give reading and exercise a try.
Worried bout yo followers u betta get yo dollars up
new music dropping today tweet #burghorlandoami and help us trend!
BTW, the director Stanley Kubrick married that actress. I would've too.
Few things can kill a soul faster than meaningless business speak. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go facilitate these deliverables.
How fast can you add graphics to a car? Match 2.2 of the Wrap Cup Masters is underway!
The most marketable to young boys... And the most beefy ones.
Had an amazing time on set of Black Dog, Red Dog :-)
#Experience is something that u needed to go through. If there is no test, there can be no
Um. On packed 3A - just passed by 3B, 15L, and the 10+ min late 3Y for which I had been waiting.
I guess sleep was a little too much to ask for with everything else happening! Oh well. Sleep when I'm dead? Let's hope so.
I did Harrah's last week. When I heard u were coming, I palm striked every headshot on the wall to warn them
Special thanks for the follows: , , and Have a great start to your week!
You could always start using proper nouns i.e. "Mt. Rushmore #FF...". Wouldn't be awkward at all.
let's play ball! Ready for first pitch
#oakland #thunder !!! <3
It was the most disgusting thing to pop into my head in a long time. Sorry for sharing!
ill tell you later :)
I NEED MONEY
I was looking forward to seeing you too!!! Hopefully soon!
I would like to see on your stage this year!
If you don’t know how much you can spend, you’ll certainly spend a lot more than you can afford.
Yeah it's the Wayport connection from 'The Golden Arch' =)
happy to! (and followed.)
"Under what circumstance will people be able to think about information that is disturbing or threatening to their identity or way of life?"
starting in June: #Skype #lessons (#piano, #jazz & #impro for all instruments). send me a message if interested & thx 4 spreading the word.
Ms. Curry #Communications xD
Is beyond annoyed.
according to game center, a little high,
14 years ago, I traded for a single A hitter named Carlos Beltran with KidMikey. John Hunt actually wrote about our deal in BW weekly.
we will get it to a bookstore in LAG soon
Agreed! RT : Props to Braden Holtby. What a run!
My brother's name is Colin.
Uh oh, frm SEA RT : First Delhi and now San Francisco. Looks like when I leave a city it gets the shakes. I hope all are safe and sound.
Aw don't fall Nicki:(! Getcha award girl... you deserve it!
The reverse lights on most cars are too dim to provide sufficient illumination when backing up.
Bleed with me and you'll Forever be my Brother.
Love to hera more about the chip round! Email me the details
hm if you try it let me know.
Rex Ryan can tell you how many feet are in a yard. Let the jokes begin.
Any reports regarding Bounty Paper Towels signing on as a sponsor for a certain team in New Orleans has not been confirmed.
Ol turtle looking ass
it's alright I already broke one of them this week 9 to go I guess f^_^;)
yeah ave, i care!
the wrong way if you're looking for warmth
I'm surprised they're even hanging around upstairs today instead of in the basement where it's much cooler.
What's your favorite dinner the night before a #halfmarathon?
And the $3000 People's Choice Award goes to ChrondroPro Biosciences! Thanks to all who voted!
Chris went up against Rihanna & lost...duh...she bad! Way to go girl
Earlier Angelos told me to go to the back of the bus,
Live @ 8AM www.pdxsucks.com - 101 reasons you shouldn't do business with Eddie Van Halen
Chapter complete. Biographic info sent. Books on the shelf (in Japan) mid-March.
we know
Best Dunk Title acceptance speech ever was , who thanked his Mom, Jesus, and the Dallas Cowboys cheerleaders.
Brian made it sound like it is only me and him. We're discussing committee membership Sat, should I pass on a mssge from you?
coming tomorrow BNI? Hope you're feeling better. :)
Good morning :)
thank you for leading the senate charge to
thats vicious... "nothing is more dangerous than a mother"...
"The function of the artist is to express reality as felt" Happy Birthday, Robert #Motherwell, b.1915
Tired of lines yet? Performances of DR HORRIBLE-LIVE @ 6pm and 10pm Tonight! Sign up for $20 Standby tickets!
Did you send or receive any awesome mail recently? Share a pic with #ShowAndMail!
OH AWESOME! IT'S Tuesday! Two piercings for the price of one!! YES!! All damn day long!! Because we love you!
every day. Just especially so today :)
not every single one of my pictures are of me.But some people post pictures of them selves like in every picture they have .
Thanks for mentions and RTs!
Faith is more an act of courage than it is an act of knowledge: Alan Hirsch, The Faith of Leap
it's better to open your eye to the truth and utilize the world to your advantage, than to sit there and wait to be taken advantage of...
Well, My Birthdays Happening This Saturday :D. Anything New With You? (:
Lest we not forget the 11th commandment that says "To race thy horse, it's name must be as if a 5 year old named it".
2012 PR tip #1. When was the last time you reviewed and updated your website? Do it now.
i cant wait until it comes out
No, but the "spotlight" I am in... "News" travels FAST! :)
Special Prosecutor #AngelaCorey says that her team has found enough evidence beyond a #reasonabledoubt to charge #Zimmerman with
Lunch is over...
To easy to understand? Say it isn't so...can't even begin to comprehend!
Last day to get your name in for INCOMPLETE PASSES giveaway on #Goodreads!
Still dreaming about the last night's dinner - a Santa Fe inspired Pork & Sweet Potato Stew on Corn Cakes.
Hair and Makeup....
#Codemma all the way :D
I'm following back today. If I missed you, and you're not a spammer, let me know
GOP shuts down first amendment rights (no signs in galleries) but allows guns in the Capitol.
There will be no working in the weeping willow office today. When I got back from grocery shopping, I was a drowned rat....
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for. -Maureen Dowd
I knew it! What you on tonight?
Kinda nervous for tomorrow when I get my new timetable, betcha I'm in classes with all the new 5th years. And not the 5th years I like
math is tough. Been many years since used this crap
I'm not comin back to the US. I can't leave London.
Now that I un-protected my twitter, all those lovely porn bots can follow me. Thanks guys!!
im young(:
it's going to be epic! Are you attending?
Nothing like spending time with the family & their mobile devices, eh?
On my way to the game lets go 49ers!!!
Well Damn but y u stop Fuckin wit me Doe !?!?
Ask hundred friends what slut means and they'll tell you it isn't good. Your stance is pathetic.
I think I have a talent for being able to tell which white people would've owned slaves two hundred years ago.
Never fails I'm having the perfect dream then my alarm wakes me up -_-
So fired Shyam Das? Only shocked by that it took them this long. Unbelievably petty response. Das ruled as he had to based on facts.
Free wifi at the MCC during #ala11. But will it work? That's the question.
": Idk what I would do w/o my dad."
Hard rock cafe Hollywood
wow u happy
are going to take down the today
SAVE THE DATE: April 17 Luncheon. Jay Friedman, author of 30 Days to Digital Media Expertise will discuss "Doing Digital Media Right."
Camp Pendleton Marine's home searched and wife questioned in dissappearance of Fallbrook woman.
Boating through the Inland Waterways of France - Travel Presentation Thursday at 7:30pm (presented by Neil & Joan Malling)
lookin damn fine already!!
Still coming down from #minnewebcon high. Spontaneously laughing and crying. But happy-crying, y'know. Husband & cat taking it in stride.
Ew. Mom just asked if she wanted a pearl necklace. Luckily we are at target
I'm gonna lay outside. Hopefully I get some color.. -_- too white.
What are some tricks for making big decisions?
Online right now. Lake Shrine has mediation services on Sunday mornings- look into it. I've gone.
RT: 24hr Google Wave invite give away! 1000 invites! Follow & RT to get yours!
Hey MASA! You should check out They're a clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!!
Saugatuck on memorial day with my friends....
idk if its the way it is.. then imma unfollow people on tumblr.. idc who it is but its time to start unfollowing people!!
Bell's Oberon is now available at France 44
Trust me a girl like you will have and deserve the best man. Inshallah sooner than later
on the bus lo im bored and i have a full batterie on my phone for one lol
Don't know her, but love your mom.
I co-sign that!!! RT : When one door closes, another 1 opens !
Checking him out Now. Thanks.
my tits
Good night :)
thnx RT : great updates and healthcare msg call tonight.Thanks and David Simas.
so!!! Lol stop teasing me
I keep tweeting instead of studying . BUT HEY , Austin is more important then a test;)
#Baseball fans follow us & share pics from the #ballpark!
I'm so nervous
were you or brittany on the dr phill show in the audience? Thought I saw you...
I'll take 'pinched nerve' for 500, please, Alex.
don't most nouns that pluralize by changing a vowel (goose, mouse, foot, etc) go back to proto-Germanic, or am I misremembering?
Girls like we do nice stuff to them, sweet and shit. We'll guess what guys like that there girls do also .
Good Morning #Hou. What a nice way to wake up.
text me
The iTriage man is heading over to the #ih3 party!!! Snap a photo with him for a chance to win!!!!!
how can you be so loyal, kind, and stay true to the fans? Its amazing! What you do is so sweet! <3 #Love &
Awesome news is that for same $$$ I pay now in Chicago suburbs for a studio apt, I can get a two bedroom apt in Atlanta suburbs.
Thanks so much! That's all i need to hear to keep playing. Best to you, VOo
Off to one of my favorite events Live In the Vineyard!
Time for me to run for political office. I am sick of tea-partiers and their stupidity. I am sick of libretarians, democrats and greens
how's u
doesn't help when you hit a guy batting .065 leadoff
Paul telling me about his trip to Ireland >
"I didnt think at all-I just said yes. Thats the sort of thing you do at 21, when the world is young and its challenges all look like gifts"
I advised friends to break engagement until they were actually ready and willing to get married. They did. Hope I was right...
“: #Chicago sports...thanks for the make-good. 4 games, 4 wins. #Cubs #Sox #Bulls #Hawks #Perfection”
Agreed. Need a another source or two. I know we r supposed to attribute the sources but do we need a works cited pg?
heading to boston python meetup tonite, topic:
Search well and be wise, nor believe that self-willed pride will ever be better than good counsel. - Aeschylus
Gift of Lights at the LV Motor Speedway, thru Jan 2. $10 specials M - W with clothing donation to Goodwill. See www.giftoflights.com
S/O to my followers you guys are AWESOME!!
Yay! Go you!
A-Gon gonna beat Cano in the #HRDerby. Yankees suck! Let's go, Red Sox!
Kay. so I can either delete this account or give it to somebody else. does anybody want this account?
RT IF YOU LOVE "MY CHEMICAL ROMANCE"...
Xocai gains 128% in mlmrankings. See what it's all about! W.myxocai.com/71376
Just accidentally triggered Dashboard for the first time in years. Forgot that was still a thing.
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 83
just buy Little Debbie and make it easy on yourself.
;P Soo? What Time Should I Come Over Your House Tomorrow?
how are you? :)
Good Morning!!!!!
So #ReadyOrNot Meeks best track off the tape?
Voice reel!
Thank you so much for following us at Inner Gate Acupuncture!
I have the best girl friend ever<3
Like Jesus, many believe they will be resurrected from the dead. Unlike Jesus, they don't believe they have a cross to die on.
That would be nice, we're working on a farm kitchen project as we speak, when that happens you'll have to film here. :)
Sitting in on the interview committee for a new SLP for my district. What questions would you ask?
Don't Tell Me To Do Something If You Not Going It
Yeah, sometimes seems the F3 gets a bit overlooked, still seems solid in certain environments
That or she dont wanna have sex with u RT Silence is a girls loudest cry u can tell shes really hurt when she starts ignoring u
Well whenever you have time :)
You're never too old to learn something stupid.
OK, let the games begin! Happy Wednesday! Ha ha ha! I said it first! LOL!
Try tonight's Free Play special: The Mighty Mouse Grilled Cheese! 4 kinds of cheese on grilled sourdough served w/ warm tomato soup & chips!
I agree! You look great!
I'm sure that officer enjoyed sitting in on the meeting for 3 hours.
but I was an 86er, so the 80s wouldn't bother me I guess! Lol
MY ACCOUNT IS HACKED!!
Good morning! I think winter is here to stay. All outdoor plants frozen, ice in the water bowls, and baby it's cold outside! Staying in!!
either feel it or try to kill it
'Even tho you may be afraid abt many things, don't be afraid to allow God to do His work in you, looking into the deepest part...
The New Year is approaching fast...
I didn't know. Duh!!!
RT : Paid coach may not be willing (or able) to give u 'insider' view. Mentor is a diff relationship.
it really did 😔
Happy Monday everyone! We'll announce the winner of #GuessJacksScore at 10am central. His score from Friday was 735
It's not the right things we do occasionally, rather it's the right things we do consistently that change our lives. -Joyce
#LetsGo #Mountaineers Beginning of a
come on over
Catching up on some rest this morning before another really busy day preparing for this weekend's opening of "The Cup".
doesn't it?!! I just don't feel like going to the store. lol
Reggie Evans deserves a bonus man. This freakin guy has been key.
finally all this brett favre garbage can be put to rest. he is done, now hang em up. we r all sick of your act
I am a Foodie at heart with a focus on #healthyeating. #Savor looks like a can't miss event.
Massage, jacuzzi bubble bath, and wine by the fire. What more could a girl want?
meeting at a taking back sunday concert!! In other words meeting your idol totally unexpectedly!
thanks! Btw your presentation = absolute highlight. Loved.
This is my point: megachurch pastors would rather tickle your ears with rock music and famous guest speakers than preach the truth. Payday!!
Squeezing in an episode of Sex and The City before I start my weekend officially!
- thank you sir
Send questions for the Next "Ask Aunt Lisa Video"!!! I'm going to pick about 8 questions & give away another 2 signed posters NEXT THURSDAY!
At a packed house party we're going to perform tonight. is performing right now. Al's got crazy eyes at the right moment
I liked MS&S, but it's probably going to b more theoretical & less connected to events in your daily life than sociology of work.
Manning hits a fly to medium center. Kingery has it, the throw home and Sveum is SAFE! Braggs moves to 3rd, #Brewers lead 5-4!
Oh honey, my hat is off to you if that is the case. Gone with your bad self.
that's quite the stat! :p
What little I have goes toward my commute. $4 gasoline.
I'm happily single. - Paula Abdul
happy brithday brandon
ok I will
he's getting 13 punches from me already :D
Sometimes I just want to go somewhere where nobody knows my name .
Yay! It's our 1 YEAR ANNIVERSARY!!!! Let's make this year amazing!
chillin' w/ da bestie and we #summertimefine!!! let summer keep on rolling!!!!
Anyone else tired of the rain yet? 😒
Thank you!
We haven't had success with either (unless really small site), we migrate manually. We work on remote site (but both work well)
": I will always be a fool for the game I love !baseball !" U love cameras. U don't love baseball, be honest with yourself
yeah just have them put it in a plastic bag like the Canadians do.
Ur so busy saying why?...but I'm thinking why not.
hahah people would be like who the fuck is this person
I have a sure fire 1st ballot Orioles Hall Of Famer, Brad Pennington. Can't wait for his plaque, place it on Eutaw Street.
I love you all!!!
you got it dude :)
I like dat!!
One time for your mind, one time...
wish I was there to support the cause. Good luck today!
we should next week cuz I don't have basketball after school
Just chilling on the patio
Thanks so much! Wish you could make it!
NM....recovering from a long night
yeah man !!
Thanks so much for that. Inspector Tay is one of my favorite characters, too. Expect a new Tay in the fall.
I love how Glamour magazine has so much more content! Especially love the real life pieces (Top Ten College Women) so inspiring
OMG. why am I always hungry 24/7?!? I need to stop eating so much.
Most cars have a sticker in the drivers' door that tells the weight of the vehicle
36k at first break from 20k starting stack in MGM 1600 main.
Want to buy a prison system? a #Lottery? Liquor distribution rights? a #Turnpike? The State of #Ohio is selling! Get em while they're hot!
What photo??
RT : RT For younger kids, Treat “whine” as a foreign language. Since you don’t understand whine, he will stop...
Can't wait for the next party.
Busy here already! And people are looking to buy instead of just looking! Great news!
Hiring Engagement Specialists to provide exceptional customer service. Apply online or in person. www.callcarenet.com/careers-details.asp
I like your new avatar! :)
didn't mean by me fuck that....I'd pay someone to do mine lol
Gotta love 106&Park for paying respect to M-Bone. R.I.P.
did you expect anything else lol ": They don't get my name goes with my URL address. LMAO! They are not bright whatsoever."
Yep, closing tonight.
again, are you serious!!!??? You didnt know what happened and you think Paterno should stay in as coach?
Thanks everyone for the bday wishes I Love U Guys!!!!
lol no hate... I almost cried I felt so bad..
Darn - I don't shop there! Will it be more widely available soon?
No bbq 4 u!
Like Chandler Jones go up and get by #Patriots. They needed youth to replace a lot of pass rush production with this versatile end
I'm a lone wolf. I need me time. Clinging just makes me want that person around even less.
=QUESTION= What types of deals, contests, prizes, etc. would you like to see from us now and in coming semesters? Comment and let us know!
I think so too,and our blood line also lol
true statement. Not just the Heat, but anyone who plays like they have been, doesn't deserve to win! So Kudos to the pacers
woohoo! Gonna be epic!!! Stoked to work with you Jenn! <3 so grateful you could join us!
RIP Les Paul
I need a girl in my life so I can have someone to spend this money lol and find love
Haha wait until u start skyping
Today I'm feeling I A-flat minor. Where's the coffee?
Treating myself to guava, pina colada, mango and strawberry coconut cupcakes and cake pops for my birthday courtesy of :)
how can you see into my eyes like open doors? save me from the nothing ive become. bring me to life
Either you're, single or in a Relationship, there is no in between
Chilling! Mad bored!
If you're jealous of him being/talking with other girls, you know you really care for him...
It's been a great day at the Eiteljorg Museum! Super excited to celebrate at the Contemporary Arts Party!
I can't believe they didn't tell you! I'll have to keep you in the loop next time :] Shes very sweet! She might come to ATL
Wow, #Penguins. Wth are you guys doing?
the problem is people are addicted and can't give it up. Fans spend a ton on this game and nowadays extra $ are scarce.
they slow u down and give u bad reps i feel ya!
So happy Michigan won. GO BLUE... WE won the BIG 10 title, well with 2 others but still we won!
i didn't find any tickets, but i'll be in NYC on new years eve already. Can we still hang out :)
You two always make me laugh!
my new goal in life is to get #jesstweet trending
hahaha not funny!
wow I wish I was there!!!
75 degree weekend in Denver, but winter will be making an appearance on Tuesday, get ready!
Restorative yoga and wine.
Why don't they ask the others if they'll run 3rd party? They're the ones pretending to be "conservative" & for "limited govt", not Ron Paul
Melo: "Maybe I need to not take so many shots. I don't know." This is a start lol.
#Top100Lies I don't have a Facebook anymore.
I had no idea that was an actual term.
Secret practice session on an empty stage somewhere in Huntsville! Find me if you can and win a free slurpie!! ;)
writing out the charts for my gospel class next month @ TheCollective.....POOF!!!!!
I know that LA people can't just sit by the Silver Lake Reservoir all day every day. Know that I am doing it for you, and you're welcome.
The game is on TV in #PDX! Thank the baby Jesus in his tiny little manger. Go Halos!
Hey funny woman. Look forward to seeing you on Sunday!
Watching The Lion King <3 <3
whenever your tweeting people, I gets my hopes up and tweet you. It never happens. 
A Spoonful of Sass: Drawing of the Day: Coachella Girl
Gonna have to refresh my memory on that one. Great game, thanks!!
lol oh well let's see what it is
Clogged Air Filter? At Express Lube, we'll check your vehicle's air filter with our premium service oil change.
DNC's Hillary Rosen sez Ann Romney, a stay at home mom w/ 5 boys, never worked day in her life. Really? Have her change Harry Reid's diapers
Come to our WEDU Back to School Party - Wed Oct 13 7:30-10:30 pm at Tenjune, NYC - Open bar & Drink Specials + Great Crowd!
Lol and this guy must of noticed me struggling to walk and asked if I wanted a ride.
Till you bust ya left nut hahahaa!
So who needs water?
BIG THANKS to , , !! Had a great time planting trees on #ReforestationDay!
12:30AM - Two day to put togher a scope doc for a data warehouse system. this is crazy. Need to sleep!!!!
watched Ides of March last night - beginning was good then turned into a bit of a BS story down the stretch...
Coughing up a lung! Ugh!
#firespaz Who loves taking a knee to end the half more than Frank Spaziani?
Are you *kidding* me? Right when I start to leave the house, the sky turns into Armageddon.
"Hey Jason... Get me a beer Jason."
Hahah! What kind of bass-ackwards mindset suggests blackness is purely a function of hue? OM Friggin' G!
Staaaaaal! At the Garden and just lost my voice.
Mega-Shark vs. Crocosaurus
I'll be there if I'm not working!
21 MLB pitchers have thrown perfect games. 3 of them are former
I'll be there Sunday for the show then back out in LA on Monday
"When the cataclysm comes, RIPM will survive" -Cohen talking about their servers & security
Sully: Yes, he dominated, but he's already a top pick. Plus his lack of conditioning in the game against 'Cuse is a flag.
I love Joshua but I'm not so sure I was crazy about that performance.
Follow and we follow 100% back :)
Whomever still believes in 'rational choice theory' is either hopelessly idealistic or doesn't know anyone on their 3rd marriage.
The wonderful & talented performing at Amber Live this Thursday May 3rd 10PM-1AM!
Austin and Mahomie's relationship is unbreakable. You can say all the shit you want to about us, but you will never break us apart.
lol.. how did you find out shes gonna be in that movie?
Police escort
I think people need attention that I can't give
RT : happy belated birthday coach! Was traveling back to East coast! (Thank u Coach!! You're back in Jersey?)
Ah! Me too! I love the crap shack!
why would they want to film transformers at morningside ? out of all the other schools in the country/world ! morningside ? pretty cool thou
Knock A Niqqa Down Have My Mans Take The Case.!
Now Im debating on whether I want to stay on campus next year. I dont want to be a senior surrounded by young minded underclassmen.
Wireless fiber = immediate, high-bandwidth connectivity with high availability, secure data transmission and flexible, scalable deployment o
7th round pick, seen as a project for the Bills, started by default cuz no other good LTs on BUF. Decent but not great player
What do you consider your greatest accomplishment?
San Diego Law corruption is why
I LOVE that song!! I forgot about it. :) Have a blessed week, Kristen!
HAHAHA! I'm mean....
yeeeaah I've been doing paper applications rather then going online
why can't monkey's talk yet? it's like evolution isn't even real.
This cracks me up. RT is a legend of a man! Love drinking in nyc with him!
I hate school. -.-
Thanks, Sol!
Support independent artists! You will like what you see!
Our new #vegan entree is named the Summer Sun Fu! God I love Thursdays! Lmao
Our hopes of getting him to notcie or follow us is going down really really quickly and it is not even funny :( :(
RT Quinton's fat ass way back there. Homie can't keep his pants up. Tryna borrow a belt, I'm like nobody here wear size Equator!
RT : I hate getting sick because I almost never do. When I am sick I feel like death. Just sayin // that's how I've felt all week!!
thanks! We're super excited!
It's a lousy joke anyway. I've spent the past 45mins doing textual criticism on a single word in Ezra 3, so my brain's mush.
Me, neither. I can barely breathe for laughing. GOTTA pull some of these for the show. I can think of several uses ;-)
Nice Shots chicka! Hope all is well!
I have survived too much to let something like this take me out
Did you know: 80 percent of children who were chronically absent in kindergarten had been chronically absent in #preK?
I think I'd rather be knocked the fuck out than have some dude slap the shit out of me... so degrading
Just realized ill never meet the ICONic Boyz and i live 5 hours away from Denver.
You've been hacked buddy
Pittsburgh Marathon this weekend makes #Point_State_Park #Port-a-John city.
he's holding me hostage lol, tf im ready to go!
I've already played I Wanna Dance with Somebody 34 times. It's been two days.
oh, and do you know about when you wanna move the piano? We're gonna be re-arranging furniture soon in the downstairs..
The is back.
Lol. Not at all, because God blessed me with common sense.
I understand, just and add on.
Seattle for the night!
US Ladies, congrats on 90 years of our right to vote #19thAmendment I will vote in November, will you?
Kobe pretty upset about not taking the last shot but Steve Blake had a wide open look for the 3. Lakers might be in trouble
Medical Center-Summit is participating in the Hospital Food Fight. Will Chef Klink and his team win this year? Good Luck!
Kanye West Raps of Marrying Kim Kardashian on New Pusha T Song
A little GNR to start my morning?... don't mind if I do ;)
I am about to deploy a tactical nap. Please do not be alarmed. This action will ultimately save lives.
not at all! LOL
Is there a twitter voting section? RT “: Faves at #IronFork - and Lockhart!”
Watching shake it up <3
Actually, Chane Behanan said that he hated being called the underdog.
RT : #QUOTE: "Motivation is when your dreams put on work clothes." ~~Author Unknown via
Here's a contest to get you ready for the weekend: RT to win 2 tix to this year's Beer Lover's Fest on June 16th!
okay 🙏 I'm hoping!
it wasnt a sac fly A Rizz
The only reason he loves you is because he knows how easy it is to get in your pants. Damn hoe.
I like your avi
Ready for the day. Please let it be great!
You don't have to change you relationship status every day. One boyfriend one day and another next. :/ smh
My son is in your tech class last period of the day! :-)
Haven't slept.. Can't eat.. Cry most of the day.. How are you?
Those pig on rollerskates moments are never very much fun
someone text me.
My eyes stay watery.
Since I'm rooting for the #Pacers, I feel weird actually wanting David West to play well
learned that about 25 years ago. Lol
Out of the fantasy playoff's? Check us out for tonights game! www.playffnow.com. Use coupon code "high5!" for 5 credits
blog number 2 already! Oh yeah... Givin Jamie a run for her money.
your hair is perfect in your twitter icon #yesinoticethesethings #quaffedtoperfection #actorsproblems haha
Recent research shows gum health doesn't fight off heart disease but is essential to periodontal disease & maintains overall health/wellness
Hey friends with little ones -join for Packy's big b-day bash 2morrow. She's loaded with elephant jokes =)
why does my TL NEVER work.
hell yeah they do
Thanks James!
Starting a Lock session in like an hour or so, got like 30% left for sale. 19 mtts, $750 total after a 1.23 markup, can accept Paypal/Lock
We miss u! Thx 4 introducing me 2 - did u know he hadn't been 2 since he was a kid?!
So excited to devote this lovely Sunday afternoon to finishing my book!
happy holidays and a have a great new year from you'r fan
She like a house party ..everybody be in that thang..lol! smh!
Very sparse crowd at as 5:00am CT approaches. Let's see how many consecutive mornings I can make this happen.
I can't even complain about my stomach hurting......
Thanks for following! Now we just need to get you down here for a tour of the place! Give us a call if you're in the area!
- word of the day is Booyah!
i love it <3
I'm sure bo and 'the administration' will find a way to infer that there's something wrong w/ the kid and its not their fault
coltrane and stats. i'm still a social research dork.
Lol I know ;) haha RT : I meant it too
anyone still at Cathedral??
Don't Expect To Get Respect If Your Not Giving None .
Started using Edmodo in Reading Classroom. I really enjoy checking students entries. This is a great tool to use in the classroom.
I'm not saying we're just laying around braiding each other's hair. I'm just saying I dig Kirby's slightly elvish new hairdo.
I love looking through the Xbox Games On Demand list of games under the genre "fighting". Silent Hill Homecoming is def a fighting game. :|
Remember when the Pit was considered deep out west, on way to Naples / Marco. Now its almost like going to Shorty's.
I it true the training camp will be held at California for 3 years?! :(
Coach k changing his flight, that's logistics!
Goin for Mine$..
I have resumed reading A Clash of Kings. The book is way better than the show.
Car2Go is officially part of the SD traffic culture. This afternoon I saw Car2Go driver, on I-15, talking on his cell.
never had nutella? You need to get here STAT!
order in
we are happy to hear that! see you next week =)
it's on.. Special guest guitar at the show tonight at Be not square!
:) there's a center in MA. Was a great experience for me!
Morning #Bear and #Bull Family!!! Hopefully our #Bulls can turn this series around :-)
The awkward moment when you and your friends are telling funny stories, then all the sudden the room gets quiet when y'all are done laughing
and still immature as ever
All right we got you. Are you in town BBall game tonight.
I hate the whole "getting to know each other" stage.
"i am at the grocery store and i threw a tub of ham in someones cart and told the child sitting in it to keep quiet, i am the police”
So busy in startupland tonight…crazy
I hate when people say "this kinda weather only happen in GA " no bitch ! This shit happen everywhere else , you only happen in Ga
Most collecting archives have collection development policies that outline what they will take
Life and love, books on inner light (newest kid's book Shelly and the Circle of Light) Many blessings!
you are too kind! Takes 1 to know 1 :D
Happy Easter Weekend! Are you Egg Hunting around the Valley? Where?
Hey I know you, and this is crazy. Got lots of Drake tickets...so win some...maybe
my bad bro ask mr dell if u can go to the bathroom at 910 and ill get it to u
Maryland's economy is getting a boost thanks to the film industry.
"unemployed need not apply" now illegal in Oregon thanks to Portland mayoral candidate and state legislator
I love it that #Castle screams like a little girl.
Grace....going to need a lot to do.
hey beautiful! I love u
Part of me
why doesn't ever tweet me back? :(
RT : I miss #TeenHoot so much. It made me forget about every bad thing in my life. It was amazing being there.. I wanna go...
Precautionary Boil Water Advisory Issued for Customers on McComas Rd, Toms Cr Rd & Hash Cr Rd in Salt Rock.
Went hard @ the gym..!
why don't you fucking do some research on who you arew fucking with, it will save u a lot of embarrassment
RT : Someone give me $2 billion...you know I'm good for it :) ~ I got you! 💰💰💰 (as long as it's not my own money lol) 😏
WORST lip singer ever
I didn't want to get up this morning but that AARON went 2 the NEast Easter Parade and WIles call me. I HATE to walk & talk to voters UGH!
love me
RT I don't believe anything, but I have many suspicions. [Robert Anton Wilson]
ok! just working on some homework now, i'll be on at 6 =)
Doctor Who? What?
Seriously about the Dick Clark hologram, lol, they just did it at Coachella with that dead rapper!! lol do it someone! & Ryan Seacrest joke
how was your first class?
Ik I Cant Help It Lol
Niggas be getting their shit twisted.
I departed for Richmond on April 11, 1865 at Mr. Lincoln's behest. I was to attend a convention for Southern reconstruction.
South park vibe
don't you mean orange?!?
Its never to late to chase a dream
I'm great buddy! Lol MWP does that. It doesn't even surprise me no more lol how you been?
TRAFFIC ALERT: Head on crash w/injuries at Hwy. 51 and Gray/Town of Windsor. Hwy. 51 now TOTALLY CLOSED in the area. Use alternate route.
Great line from Ed Sanders's _Shards of God_: "Anyone who doesn't love and respect Allen Ginsberg is a dipshit." #totalassaultontheculture!
Brock Lesner vs John Cena vs The Rock vs Stone Cold
This is a great idea! :)
Social Media at work! RT : RT : You can connect to tvguide.com w/your Twitter account thanks to our friends
It's an appalling development for this country that Rick Insanetorum is actually gathering followers.
I hate ppl that do stuff just for attention!!
u don't follow me back
it's ok, we appreciate you trying! no worries! thank you!
That was a sick take by LBJ.
Ive heard from experienced judges that even if it slightly off style but its its got that intangible quality, might not matter
did you give it a whirl? How did we do? Would love your feedback!
is anybody going to wrestlemina????? :-)
Now here's a #project worth doing ;-)
in my opinion ur the greatest girl to walk the face of the earth:)
Just go after all the Hood's don't you? Better keep they name out ya mouth.
Chicago Tonight. Expecting Thunderstorms. A few storms may be severe. Low 17C. Winds SSW at 10 to 15 mph.
i unfollowed you because of your attitude.
Oh yea, I'll be out there tomorrow
#oncmeeting we need transparency on usability. Challenge to the vendors
got her twitter back!
Zeustek is hiring for pune office!!! Skills: Web Design-WEB 2.0, HTML, CSS, photoshop Desirable : PHP, Flash Email me :
I'm going to San Antonio in June! Sea World and Six Flags sounds great right now :)
sick story brah
glad you liked it
All hail, workers of the world!
YES!! I was telling another girl from Essex yesterday that you all should start a new trend over there! Better late than never
Hip hop squares!!!!
WE CAN MAKE IT SHINY AS HELL *hugs phone*
Meeting 930, 12, and 5pm welcome to the real world!!!
“: You can thank me now” thanks
I could listen to Above and Beyond all day.
she got on the bus smellin like L.O.U.D lmfao somebody had a wake & bake
#childhoodgames kick the can, ghost in the graveyard
~MARKETING MEMORIES~ Corporate & Private Events ★ Bar/Bat Mitzvahs ★ Event Coordination ★ Event Management ★ Consulting ★ Graphic Design
nothing, you?
I do, and now I miss you 2 even more. :( Cant believe you are at the shore with out me.
How you like my new background?
The money i get back from your gift I'm buying some kush yo,
#BeezdaTrap on mtv this morning
dont cry!! i know people that can fix that.
lmmfao hahahahaha it's a jungle in there
My weekend was pretty rad. Did you do anything worth telling? I'd like to know. I danced....a shit ton.
oh okay..
I don't believe that on one day you should realize how important your mom is to you. We should appreciate them 24/7//365. Love you Mom!
Next Health receives $100K, plans product launch - Mass High Tech
AMAZING SHOT!!
I want a feminist writing of the body that metaphorically emphasizes vision, because we need to reclaim that sense to find our way. -Haraway
Shared theme: know your market, know your stuff. Knowledge can make up for lack of experience.
(Thomas Jefferson) Delay is preferable to error.
I'd rather make do with the cards I've been dealt, than to complain.
yess lmao ill take it as a good way i guess c;
The farther behind I leave the past, the closer I am to forging my own character. - Isabelle Eberhardt
May need to quit my job if it keeps driving me to the Judy Collins like this.
Any single friends willing to relocate? LOL Losing hope on MKE men. Good thing about my business: movable.
MICHAEL JACKSON HANDPRINTS ARE IN NOW AT GRAUMANS CHINESE THEATERS .. GO SEE THEM
Whew. Only the best froyo in town apparently.
This plays on here are the ishhhh.
Brazos Private Equity Partners has acquired Winebow, Inc., one of the largest importers and distributors of fine wines in the US.
Happy Mother's Day to all mom's....esp my mamma! :)
loving the new avi.
#blogchat Ouch - you are on a roll tonight!
can you play "Want U Back" by Cher Lloyd?
#BackInElementarySchool i smashed all da cookies
Are there any yelp/angieslist type resources out there for renters? Specifically to write reviews about lame landlords?
Back dcommutes rotation of two commuter mugs.
omg funny you say that. i'm actually getting Chipotle for dinner tomorrow. the image has been in my head far too long.
The Easter bunny skipped my house this year.. #WheresMyCandy?
Do you know what bliss is? It's walking into the house & seeing standing in the kitchen after he's been out of the country!
don't worry I'm no City lover just really hate United. Great news on Spurs job. I'll be in UK for Olympics will hit u up.
That's what I like to hear. Tag it #westchestercarnaps2k12 on Instagram, and it'll pull right onto the site.
I'm pissed so many people are in need of work and the powers that B R sitting back watching them go hungry that sucks america the shameless
did you know that I love you? <3 Well now you do (:
jelz. But too exhausted to go.
Congtratulations to Randy Ellision - please send me your address and bait styles and colors you would and your gift ships tomorrow! Kevin
I know homie they were playing hella sloppy af but nxt game they will do better tho
i don't have school tomorrow either!
That's cool, but you're not American.
can I pm u on YouTube
drunkies come visit
woo! Now we know Bri wants Andre :) Chrisy for Alex I'm guessing :)?
thank you and good night!
haha shut up
#teamfresh my birthday is Sunday! Spare one second of the Superbowl and wish me a happy birthday? That would just make my day!
Air quality warning for San Antonio today. Don't breathe if you can help it.
And if there's not, I sense a new business idea...
Hey! I'm not at school! :D
Happy Easter!
There's a little truth behind every "Just Kidding", a little knowledge behind every "IDK" and a little emotion behind every "I Don't Care"
goodnight sweetie, hope were still on for tomorrow : ) i hope so because i misses you tonss and i need the deets on this weekend : )
can't make excuses for everybody though...
Can you still golf in Colorado this time of year? Too cold yet? Flying there today
Congrats! Good Luck at , it's a great school!
That will be the goal: a night of being shouted at.
Hanging out with the amazing !!!
woke up at 6am, still tired but could only think about data analysis. 7am, pulled out stata.
I so miss cooking for you, someone that appreciates a good meal, unlike your cousin!?!
What are you eating?? I have a deadline to make.
Haven't a clue!
Thanks for following Eccles #Boxing Have Tweet Will Follow
To a Master Auditioner, listening becomes an activity because it allows you to understand the unspoken intent of the person speaking to you
people are starring..... Hahaha
So is that why Putin was taking off his shirt in all of those media pictures?
you too! So sorry. I quickly looked for you but had to run back to the office for a crisis. Go figure! Great session today!
RT : Bummed I can't get Hubspot's webinar on my ipad. I mean, this is a webinar on going MOBILE
I don't follow basketball much but can you tell me what that thing hanging down from Jeremy Lin's chin is? Skin tag?
hoping this week will go by fast
RT : Insufficient levels of iodine in the body can cause you to gain weight..... FIX: eggs & yogurt
Livestream of Hacking Society event on network economics and politics livestreaming at hackingsociety.us
Be patient....The Heat are going to win trust me.
Thank you for an amazing show the other night Dixon. You're so amazing!!! Who says you're not perfect?!!!
Your gorgeous!(:
And maybe they don't like beer. But those helmet ice creams were legit.
I Sware sometime I just ruin my own nights
Kind of true. Sad. RT : I hope everyone is ready for the shameless #DadBashing in all the #MothersDay commercials.
Listening to "Girls Just Want to Have Fun" while waiting for the bus. Cause really, isn't that all we really want in life??
crazy...its boring now!!!:P
m. smith talk included good example and ideas for campus outreach; e.g., data management 101
I love how a tweet can be the shot in the arm I need :-)
Thanks for the follow. :)))
It's the start of something BIG! This is a special class!
THIS BETTER MEAN GOOD NEWS
North Korean Leader Kim Jong Il has died.
Oh man, can you imagine what people would say if Nyjer Morgan did what Lawrie did and only got 4 games? Oof.
Most underrated Badger I can remember.
Preparing for my class tomorrow.
Delicious Library?
Best part about coming to every morning for the last two weeks? Getting to listen to online! Great start to each day.
im suppose to be going camping on 1st june but my parents wont let me talk my dog i dont want to go :/ xx
new info: state officials say horse that was shot in Franklin Co last week was unintentionally killed by a hunter
she could take you..
thank you so much :)
AND PAUL AIN'T GOT NOTHIN ON ME .
That awkward moment when a girl says something like "Just say you have a crush on me" so I don't respond cuz I dnt like her o.o
I have lol
When will you all be considering judges? Does all the budget biz have to happen first?
I have never! given out my Kik?
TY for Friday's +K (seems likes eons in twitter time...)
You and have great taste in restaurants! See you guys soon.
So I'll stand with arms high and heart abandoned in awe of the One who gave it all
Lovely picture. So glad you got to experience the Road to Hana.
you're perfect the way you were made! I'd still love ya if you got them reduced tho
I'm so confused. Tell me you're at Nordstrom...and that you're good with zippers...
Me 2! can't wait 2 see everyone in San Diego ;)
Guess Cafepress' calendar is different than mine. PayPal commission payment to be paid on the 15th, not received yet. Not happy.
Lololol that would be the best 50 cents I ever spent! I would cut it up and put it in 50-foot bowls of mac and cheese.
good morning you too
Check out my new website www.hawthornesvoice.com #voiceover #VO #voice over
Starting off break with watching #Dexter... Best show ever.
Our website is taking a bit of a hiatus for a week or so until we get a new host. Still keeping the domain though!
|#quotes Success is not built on success. It's built on failure. It's built on frustration. Sometimes its built on catastrophe.
Ava looks happy and excited for her walk! How adorable :)
No, please don't RT yourself, I'll find them!
Yes, I was hired by Universal because they needed a comedy director
Practice safe eating , always use condiments. -Anon
Did you forget to make a left at Albuquerque?
Think I'm gettin sick
Will you be upgrading to Windows 7?
I submitted an idea to put wifi in @ #Dodger Stadium.
Going to the badger hockey game with
And the operator says "40 cents more for the next 3 minutes"/Please Mrs. Avery, I just gotta talk to her/I'll only keep her awhile--DR. HOOK
Do The Pretty Girl Rock.
Later Seattle, it's been real.
20 minutes in and Algeria vs US is scoreless (with another controversial disallowed goal against the US) and England is up 1-0 on Slovenia
I can't believe I live wit this Guy
This Summer Has Been Very Eventful , And I'm Thankful For Every Bit Of It ! <3
dudes, thank you.
Yesterday I enjoyed a sherbet colored sunrise. Today, the clouds are here. It feels more like March now.
Sweet - you can turn off group MMS on iPhone! What an annoying feature.
& when I said I loved you yea I fucken meant it.
everything GOD has for me is for me good & bad!
gonna watch dazed and confused, such and awesome movie
17. Opportunities await SMEs in Kazakhstan
Have you seen the Environmental Risk Summary report from #ERS? It's a new tool to find out if there any potential environmental hazards
im tha same way...clicker questions wack n he just reads random slides
Had a dream that me and had a full conversation on here.
I want to be better
Being single is a good feeling, no drama or heartaches. On the other hand, it gets lonely and you miss that feeling of being taken.
Are all IRC for anon shut down?
Guy shit his pants LITTERALLY on our flight. Soaked through his pants!
little bastard! Tell it I said to come out by noon or else *_*
explain that to me then.....
All James Bond movies are less interesting now that we have the Internet.
if the bourbon starts flowing the night is going to get weird.
F7 ends the inning.
Damn I been busy ! But I'm back on this shit :)
“: prove it or shut up!”
Thanks for checking in! When you have a second, we'd love to hear how your visit was.
Sometimes we have to go deep inside ourselves to solve our problems. - Patrick Star
If you are slowly easing yourself back into reality...it's a scientific fact that pasta, pizza, wine and dining al fresco can help.
he's still in it. Without Oosthuizen's double eagle (first there since 1935), Phil would b just one back..might still pull it out.
Watched far too many interviews of today. Came to realize that I have neglected there albums far too much lately. Time for change!
#SchoolMemories getting good report cards
Melo realizes that STAT isnt reliable
Vinson Neighborhood Library/Hiram Clarke really innovative. A gym and a library!
Happy 100th Birthday #FenwayPark. Here's to another 100.
Love new Spiderman lyrics: "I'm a 65 million dollar circus tragedy.." "I hope he doesn't fall...." what are they trying to say?
We ate at the Filipino buffet this lunch for just $6.99. So good! Miss my home..
#E3onG4 I wonder If #UBISOFT made #MrCaffeine take a #DrugTest.? I think #MrCocaine might be a
its absolutely terrible how little we care..
Shoutout To Our New Followers - thank you!
#pinterest may expand platform to include video soon
The world should sit down and have a collective beverage at the Old Miami
yes girl work!
know what?
Pinko Is that short for Russian? White hate russians, move to Oakland if you dont believe me.
": Finally getting back on my routine!" It's never too late to feel great!
I knew it was me. I was trying to see if you would figure it out.
is ill. #NoCover :( let's send him all the love we can to get him feeling better
you coming or are u drinking pweee fweezay?
Need a skintervention?! Facebook or call skin scholar, Ettia Tal for a custom skin care consult.
Same Dunkin, same coffee order .. Never the same result. *sigh* DD I love you but you disappoint with ratio every other time.
Yu Watch Ur Kids Beat On Their Boyfriends/girlfriends ... It Must Happen Within The Home Sadly
Now eating a big water melon wanna see
Eww if miley Cyrus Is in the hunger games movie I'm gonna cry
It's nice in DC. I might stay outside until it's time to leave work.
At the rate 's moving, I'm never going to be ready in time.
well 4 day weekend was fun but back to gym!
RT thx“: One more time for tonight, please follow she is 30 followers away from 100! Lets help her get there?”
#LastTimeIChecked I wasn't born to please you, so why do you think I care about your approval?
Call to find out about our Sunless Tanning for an all OVER tan ALL year, AND to learn about HCG so you can lose 1-2 lbs a day!! 702.979.4424
Straight from NY Pizza on Belmont....m
ahahaha me either -keeps walking around-
then come on
Wish me luck. I am having my scalp cut open this morning to remove a sebaceous cyst. There will be stitches. There will be blood.
section 106 row d seat 3. Verlanders my tiger...
lol i made him say the word "tour" like 10 times.
I think i will be watching a good 80's horror movie tonight.
I want to puke. Drinking coffee then running in this heat wasn't the smartest idea.....
I do that to I have stacks of books that I just pick on at random to read when I don't know what I want hehe
We are in a "making" time where the rules and laws need to change, ie 3D printing, says
Thanks for listing me on the Abq Businesses list!
I hope #Beyonce doesn't have triplets. She'll fire the two talented ones and give the pretty one a raise.
I guess that's cheaper than buying the CD.
are you still coming back to Wichita falls? We miss y'all <33
A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving.
Dear , can we please have a Mix for Easter?
She said he's alright for an old guy.
California stop calling my name..
Thank you!! And same to you :-) Enjoy your weekend.
sheesh everyones on there rudeness today i guess smh
Renovated Fulton Street Farmer's Market to reopen - WZZM
I wish I could go to London and see you Holding I sign saying JESSICA ROCKS!!!!! And lol
I wish bbc America actually catered to x pats searching for unbiased news from home..failed shows from home hurt the eyes. Now.
Unknown numbers calling and leaving 3 seconds of silence as a voicemail is the greatest unsolved mystery of my life.
u a clown
hello girls..check out for a great blog post called Saving Face..... it's full of great tips on preserving our beauty!!!!
haha whatever. Well I'd be doing most of the work...hehe ;)
I've never been so relaxed && content in my life.
so jealous!
Congratulations on your tilegenerator. Smart idea. Honestly, tho, for me it's too limiting to be of practical use. Best of luck!
Who are we to play with hearts and throw away it all
Surprise DJ set tonight feeling good, will channel through turntables and out speakers tonight!
I wanna kick your ass ! Ass, Grass, Gas ? That's all? Yeah kissing your chicken? F**k a dog in the ass?
I got some Kleenex for your tears. Lol.
Good suggestion. What's not to love about an armadillo? Better than some fat old white dude in need of a shave.
A real man isn't defined by the number of girls he had, but by the number of girls he told "I'm sorry, but I'm taken And I love her so much♥
When I grow up I want to be like Ip Man
i love that my biggest problem right now is trying to see the computer screen despite the glare of the sun. #spring! #baseball!
ha! What's next? Silly String?
No need to rush it we got forever!
Thanks for helping share the music!
Got it! :D I couldn't tell that was vomit!
Community managers should be social in nature.
Very very much looking forward to it. The shows awesome
Nobody told me I would need hornet spray to replace flowers on graves. Yikes.
I had one crazy ass dream about fallin.....n i could feel myself fallin n my stomach.
Seeing The Lucky One with :) its a great sunny day in Georgia.
I'm done leaving Not coming back
So youre from Chicago My dad takes me thur all d time. He's from Lawless Gardens on 35th and Rhodes. Give me a shout out sis
Garnet & Rondo all fired up tonight
Mr. Santorum do you support indefinite detention provisions in NDAA?
Made my day. Any chance you can post the whole thing?
It feels so weird knowing I'm home and not going back to school in IL ever again. Anyone know any jobs that are hiring cute, upbeat workers?
Only my mom could make a batch of brownies that I don't like..
Time limits have cut 23,000 Washingtonians off from resources that support work and keep them engaged with the economy.
Packers on the clock, pick is in and it's.... Nick Perry!
Holy shit, I successfully compiled RT
It was fun. Replays of the video. Raising voices. Oh...great times
Thinks that "Bounty the Quicker Picker Upper" and BP need to talk!
; Im Boutta Get In The Shower Soo Il Text You When iGet Out .
The teacher is late again.. At least I have more time to study for this math test!
Things hurt me now. My knees hurt, my back hurts. But your head still thinks it's twenty-three. ~ George Clooney
totally possible :)
Yeah? I haven't seen it yet. I hate looking at myself!!!
Happy Birthday beautiful! ;)
I don't speak Spanish, and oh thanks :) <3
TX! Back in the morning.
RIP Adam Yauch
..i noted that tyler seguin hasn't done much either, d'oh// Clearly, come Wednesday, the Caps deserve a lot more scrutiny!
what's up? I can't watch the show and I've had a bad day 2day :'(
I'm pretty sure the Lions and Patriots switched jerseys before the game
on clubpenguin, while listening to music, ahaha hby? p.s my bestfriend was like omg i wanna go on clubpenguin and i was like
just ran around in the rain with Jacqueline! Happy Easter! Love!(:
Funny... bc "Guy" is pulling away from you to save his life! Thoughts from Guy: "Please GIANT, don't eat me or cough on me!"
First samples have cleared customs and are on their way. Stay tuned.
just finished running gassers in preps for Olympics
#Modelos..steak..potatoes...good company...
Where are you? Stop by and enjoy this fine wine, tasty hors d'eouvres and a massage by April, Maku or Trina
most in high places always look low at those in low places but they fail to realise that those in low places are moving to higher places
The CD is now available at #CrackerBarrel stores. RT and let us know where YOU found a copy!
I'm celebrating the first day of fall by seeing at Humphrey's for the third year in a row. Oh yes...
I'll ask them for the details
“: Played golf at North Hills CC yest. hit every tree" - youd think the sap on my ball would mean I could hold a green
Will do! Thank you.
A lot of dudes be goin nowhere fast
Happy TGIF! Still time to Glamorous #Weave full Sewin only $75 Get the latest cuts Need a good Flat Iron #Braids Updo?! Walkins are Welcomed
Had a blast when you came to Detroit brody!
Don't make a permanent decision on temporary feelings
Good news from the Magic (finally) They will be going to the playoffs for 6th straight season – longest active streak in NBA East
Hitting to the streets of DC today--- Metro Center, today is your day (pending parking)
yeah I met him twice but the first time we were aloud to get pictures bc there was so many fans for him. And the second time...
Missouri BAEO testifying in support of HB 1228. Saying surrounding districts are begging for charter schools.
I love it when people smile for their mugshots Lol..
writing is like death: you don't know where you're going and you have to go it alone.
I guest I'm think Lil to hard
thanks Kayla! I like your vids too!
this was 's ask in Nov. we've done a fair amount of corporate mtgs. I think stokes sees an opportunity
Our newest version of a Black IPA is now on tap at the brewpub! Come by, give it a try, and let us know what you think.
RT : Dude, Where's My
Wu Tang and Magic Cards.
don't forget to talk to your mommy about college visit
I love chicago accents lol, they're only an hour from us but their accents and colloquialisms are so different
Looks like less than 2" of snow on the ground in NE Seattle, but it is heavy stuff, with shrubs and trees taking another beating.
junior. Almost done
RT : Good night all!
Vegetarian Diet – Vegetable Based Diet That Helps You Lose ...
Oregon adoption advocates are hosting a fun, free and informational family event at Lloyd Center on Saturday from 11a-3p....
Don't let us pessimist Dolfans bring ya down RT : Don't worry Chee, Poe is going to be a bigger bust than Tannehill
how much are they
The smallest adult waist in the world...Cathie Jung from the USA, it is a tiny 21 inches in diameter … roughly the same as a roast chicken!
Dear dad- if men are judged by the sizes of there shoes, why don't they sell padded shoes like they sell padded bras?
No wonder I failed Spanish. all I learned is how to say "pretty"& "pants" ya know incase I ever need to tell someone they have pretty pants.
Yesterday was a productive day of shooting with ballet dancer, Christine Fisler. A big thank you to Christine and the crew
up 2 after review. #Clippers win
Tobias!!!!!!! Finally you made one!!
Thank for subscribing to my YouTube channel! :)
Yahoo CEO Scott Thompson is going to officially step down...but then again he could just be making that up too...Oh that rascal!
Leap Day.... Less than 3 months! Woot!
thanks so much. Just about at the finish line and quite excited.
Of course! We sure do love our Chicago Dogs!
Hooray for 2012!
has been known to throw a club or two in his day. Unfortunately, he's working
Why can i do??
i'm not happy with my life because your in it...
. Lincoln Park High School kids talking with #Ghana #youth about perceptions of Americans
Cant sleep... #Text Me
My new favorite person. :) RT : HAPPY "18th" BIRTHDAY!
that's a little ironic RT : I HATE WHEN PEOPLE DON'T TEXT BACK
Good-god, Andy.
Looking back on music...#SimplyAmazing:) Each album
Ali's Savage Traits - Custom Fangs & SFX is making classic fangs for two clients today! Book now for next week!
Just found out Molly Ringwald is still alive...
John Seely Brown's presentation is posted!www.childrensmuseums.org/index.php/interactivity-conference.html
My government exist to rebuild infrastructure, rebuild learning institutions, deliver my mail, We owe it to our children
I don't have any
I hope one day I will get to meet you personally <3333
Sidney Hillman helped elect FDR and brig about the New Deal. #hillman2012. Foundation honors muckraking journalists.
Special thanks to OU alum & his start up connecting with students today during "out to lunch"
Check us out at www.watchnhllive.com we will have all the games on tonight live online just register and enjoy thanks!!!!
First College Game Day of the season...it's Christmas morning for football!
Looks like 's brilliant strategy of combing porn stars and terrell suggs has
Attention grabbing trope which doesn't challenge the readers' preconceptions. Plus, who doesn't love a good boogeyman story?
Bread & Butter… and Sprite
“If you judge people, you have no time to love them.” ― Mother Teresa
we won't be in til late tomorrow night, so unfort not...well be on the floor all three days though...
Confirmed reports from #Syria: High ranking #Assad army general assassinated today in
Road Quote of the Day: "Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night?" - Jack Keroauc
it's blowing pretty hard!
I had a dream that I was watching a baseball game on TV and you were sitting in the 2nd row right behind the plate. WTF???
She said "I know you gave me everything, but love is not enough"
The Literary Addict... :) twitter newbie! Follow me if you love books!
gud job keepin her in bed wif you. Dem peeplez need to learn how to relax. Up to uz to teach
I'm afraid to get on Facebook.
Whats your favorite song and why??
We are looking for nurse paralegals for a terrific boutique client! Send resumes to me if interested!
Taking a break from vitamin supplements: multiple, omega-3 and bone complex. Makes me even more conscious of real food, and its value.
It's been a month already? Wow!
Picked courses for my first semester of college... Woah I'm so old.
. under the direction of has been named Best HBCU Fine Arts Program by the 2012 HBCU Center for Media Advocacy!
Honestly, one of the best feelings in the world is when you get home from work, put your keys & cell phone down, and can breathe
I'll be proudly sporting my SBXLV gear we're still champs until the game is over #Packwinning#14in2013!
too soon thanks
Check-in opens up for BarCamp Rochester, Fall 2011 in 12 hours!
Sept 10 hosting@ Script/Overview Ontourage/Pepsi event Sept. 10th 10p.m-5a.m Host- Gio Opening act- Shayna Love Headliner- Andre B.
so true. Outside political bubble the only question I get asked is: "who should I vote for, again?"
Yeah I bet you need my help
I've been home all day and just received an email that I missed an package. I go outside, no infotag. UPS is the worst.
While I commend your performance and that of your compatriots, please try to keep such incredible work to a minimum.
so much going around today about consumer spending for the holidays. Customer service is going to be key.
Rock on JB...
The sunshine has broken out in Rock Hill and it is so glorious! Full on beauty! The Creator ~ showing off His handiwork again! Love it!
It's gonna take me a life to get me away from you
amazing night =]
#RETWEET FOR A #S/O
I will but am really go n out ther to do music
thanks for willing the score to 2-0...even if it was for only 38 seconds! Bring on the Devils!
Haha I wish! It's just my way of greeting you. Meant to say it in a British accent though :)
I do mostly leads, although I write rhythm as well. What about you?
We're so excited for the launch of our new website on Monday. Be sure to check it out next week!
I actually heard the Bernie thing from your mom, but Dean Buell apparently had a heart attack in a club over the weekend.
Definitely! 7:30 at Kaladi's still work for you?
Thank you to all the new followers.
Problems can't be solved with the same thinking that created them. Take another look, shift thought and change your approach....
I bet Santa feels the same!
job interview went well, finger's crossed.
hha im pretty good just about 2 burn uo its freaking hot an how r u ?
Woah, everyone, if you haven't tried sleeping with a pillow in between your legs, TRY THAT DOPE FEELING SHIT NOW!
You know you're awesome when you can do geometry homework in 10 minutes :)
Sorry about the tardy reply - could do an hour on the phone tomorrow if that works for you!
lalala waiting for #SaySomthin to come on again
206+ birthday wishes on FB is making me smile with a slight hangover from 5 JD n Cokes last night- but i got to rock the stage so im happy!
I just watched the video, Mina! It's amazing! :D Great job! Thank you for including us in it.
i got a faux leather skirt from forever, what kind of top should i pair with, HELP!
thanks lovely!
hey I'm not quiet!! And there is 2 quarters of bball left...Wolves CHOKED against OKC..we'll see how this goes!
The Shutdown Corner Interview: New York Giants DL Justin Tuck - Yahoo! Sports (blog)
FML. I TRIPPED OVER A TOY FIRETRUCK.
At the #emcomm / #AMA panel at Emerson! Any of you guys planning to come?
Cher to Democratic National Committee chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz: MT D.W.Schultz if u & dems do Nothing 2help. . .
Here in Converse people are just a little Too friendly
Leg and ab work out this AM!! Already feeling it! And it feels great!
Chipper v. Moyer, about 90 years between two of them, one of oldest batter/pitcher matchups ever??
Party tonight with for his album release party. 4 Guest List & Tables text: 818.602.7979
Did you know? That 's first day on set of #prettylittlethings required him to swim, do cannonballs, drink beer & make-out.
i don't wanna share.
A friend of mine: "betting the Cavs have an injury that screws them for a few weeks is like shooting water in a water bucket."
#brewers #OpeningDay + + sazs close proximity to my place = #promisingFriday!!!
Going to my vocal lesson let's see if I come outta happy cus my teacher is a . . . Smh
Just when I'm about to go to sleep, I look in the mirror and BOOM! My hair is perfect.
I wish volunteer groups wouldn't flake out on the same day as each other.
Fun #Chicago fact: In 1893 at the World’s Columbian Exposition in Chicago, the Ferris Wheel debuted.
Celebrating my 16th anniversary tonight with my husband. My how time flies!:)
If you expect everything to be perfect then your only setting yourself up for failure & disappointment.
aw im sorry <3
It's nights like these I'm glad I got rid of all the sharp objects in my room
WHY DOES ONLY ONE HEADPHONE WORK. FUCK. THIS DAY SUCKS ALREADY
Thats why god made race cars! RT Really missed football today! Sunday tv sucks. August seems so far away. Hmmph!
Am I the only one who can listen to A Fever You Can't Sweat Out over and over and not get annoyed or..
I thought it was you!
Happy Nurse Appreciation Day to all the #nurses out there! Thanks for all you do!
When you make someone a cd and find it in their car and they give it back <<<< 😔
A formidable list which can make a great team!
pretty sure OV has a perimeter around their booth and your picture is the only 1 in their 'actionable' database :)
Got the walk in last night. Connie stayed in.
#3WordsOfAdvice get over yourself.
Freaked out by the extent and tone of Jobs grief. No offense to Jobs.
Follow #DC award-winning #AffordableHousing & Wellness Center providing services for low-income seniors
February is going by so quick!
This celebrity, I mean president, is about as good at policy as Lindsay Lohan is with a breathalyzer.
Diablo first time ive gotten a DM in years
that was dumb
Jaimie Cloud will facilitate a breakout session @ the 2nd Annual Green Schools Conference - Denver, CO | Feb 27 - 29. Hope to see you there!
Love it!
blood's okay. Neural injuries are more of a buzzkill.
Snow showers switching to a snow/rain mix as they move out of Central Ohio. Temperatures will warm up for the rest of the week!
Is a 51 yarder that much out of the question?
The spirit is willing... but the mind is weak... and lacking in Monster energy....
Three &'d a half more hours doe :(
I work for Dell(computers),can't seem to remember how to work mine this morning.Forgetting things like "turn monitor on."#notready4tuesday ?
#ReplaceBandNamesWithPancake ... Embrace the Pancakes. Improvement? Maybe.
Bria needs to call.
ha yeah what of it (:
When we find a guitarist, then we'll start scheduling again.
What I just did in da 💩'er would be considered illegal in many states!!
Is this a Smokey Robinson hologram on DWTS?
Friday is a fantastic day to bang your head to BVB!!!
Didn't hear pens cry when Rangers kneed Staal earlier this season. It's hockey shit happens.
RT “: Obama is capitulating so much that he has decided to vote for Rick Perry.”
Another great Gareth track. Wait until u hear the remixes!
thanks uncle sam!!
Magic City? I'll have to look into it ... Happily watching Tea Leaves right now (mad men.) 😉
Surprised by the sunshine this morning! Hope it lasts while I go show a house in Alexandria!
I hate thinking about somebody more than I should
Getting schedule ready for ISTE conference in Denver
Sorry about your Nascar wedding dreams, gays of North Carolina.
(cont) Wikileaks, you know that thing when D.J.'s pee themselves after having way too much to drink.
How do u shank a 30 something yd field goal woww # shock
These old guys at work are funny...
Pope Benedict just renamed the New Orleans Saints the New Orleans Sinners!
Tigers win 4-0 over Cal Tech to open the SCIAC season! Great start boys!
I love,u and cant nobody stop that.
At least it didn't rain over the weekend
great! I'd love to help!
Thnx Michael Cadden @ Ocho - Best cocktails ever including the Old Fashioned w/ his cigar tincture. Can't believe he slipped me the recipe:)
Audition Tip: Very few singers sound good a cappella (without accompaniment). If possible, avoid it.
Oooovechkin!!!! That's picture perfect
Gunna get me some taco bell before work.
if you ever do anything in cinci I would love to help or be involved :)
at least yours doesn't say: "hey sucker, don't forget you work 68 hours a week!"
People get more upset about gluten than guns.
OH: "Stop beating up the HR Director"
#GoTribe in other news, i bought an azteC patterned vesty yesty, maybe now i can go back to my home tribe
I'm a Google AdWords surgeon. I occasionally leave myself shaking my head. I'm killin it.
I have been told by senior leaders to "social media that" in order to grow participants in a program.
Fuckk this day! Can't wait for it to end.
Join us at Liam Flynn's Ale House for our last fund raiser. It will lots of fun.
I love leaving surprises on him car so he can be happy when he gets off work. I miss you babe.
I bet it fills Cora's heart with pride that so many ASUO candidates are touting their Ambassador experience.
they will make u get married
RT : Trust me... You were just a little crush that grew into something more.
mary jane was there for me today
Just added 's panel to my #sxsw schedule.
they walk the stage today "WO
On the train to DC for #PCCOpCo12. Two fun filled days of discussing #RDA and #cataloging and the annual CONSER cage match (er...meeting).
Most everyone on twitter is so self absorbed.
Reach out and touch me, boy don't you make me wait. I'm a dime and you're so on the money.
Nawl im talking bout you boo
“: Love him or hate him, you gotta respect Big Ben.”,yep
Don't bore :)
who Mauricio Salles just red carded for Gone from the game and ineligible for Monday's game 2
Just noticed new avatar.
Yes! And how about actually addressing the biomechanical faults that caused the issue in the first place
The fact that Crave beat The Grey Plume as best new restaurant is a travesty.
why do graduations piss off relatives?
DC Urban Farm - they have social media but not enough -
Never wanted some1 so much as I want you Henry! in my crazy place miss'n you bad! Screaming 4 u but u dnt hear me. :'(
up 4-0 in the bottom of the 6th after a 1 run single by JJ.
not surprising. Have I missed the obligatory Rob Patterson post? Alejandro working at Waterloo? Billy Ray Cyrus?
Wearing my new hat and scarf made by ! Thx! Love 'em!
I hate irresponsible people .
#ImWeakFor A green eyed, brown/dark haired boy, AKA Nick :) <3
idk what do ya do
Sophomore year was the worst year of my entire life
im in the middle of two girls, threesome?
Well, it didn't take two hours (A MIRACLE), but it was INCREDIBLY PAINFUL. Sheesh.
The one time I'm starving to death, Subway decides to give me a bowl of cheddar water soup instead of broccoli and cheddar soup, pissssssed
I've never tried that, but it's probably a very good idea. :)
Sounds like a beautiful combination!
Thanks for the best wishes. I'm 'pumped' as 2012 is the year I take my business, The Self Empowered Investor, to the next level.
When I really like something I spread it around. :-)
This weekend shall be fun! Chilling with at the Palms
Wearing my cap and gown cuz I
ate at maggie's restaurant. had chicken parmesan. it was good.
RT : New beer on tap Southern Tier Choklat Stout _ Never had this on tap but LOOOVEE the beer!
Yes it is
S/o to everybody watching AND listening to the Cubs game
I guess.
Today I give you Email::Sender::Sever, eventual email delivery system simplifies your email sending application code
Another home run. You guys are amazing! We love what you do!
are you on that wagon?
sounds awesome. What flavor shell or icing do you use for those??
hello! Looking forward to our meeting. Our artistic director will also be joining. We've been brainstorming. :)
even though he's at Chicago and Douglas is in a dome? Also have Matt Ryan...does the "double dip" change your thought at all?
the whole world has that
Ahh yeah that sucks. I had 7th period my freshmen & senior year lol
I always forget that much of the US doesn't work on President's Day.
lmao not a damn thing, gonna need some flyers soon hoe bag
Check out the #Live pics from our #Latino #Leaders #Networking Event at www.facebook.com/HPNG.pros!
MLB network showing Randy Johnsons perfect game in Atlanta
i wanna cherry - grape limeade slush from sonic
a few years. I do it just for fun. :)
You suck more!
Neato, my computer is on a 5-second delay like Brandi Glanville on an episode of WWHL.
#1DTOURUSA June 2nd Sect 103 row bb seat 12 If you could go back in time to meet one person who would it be?
` Lol , Nah Not Really
to make them feel like shit
I ONLY HAVE TO PAY $100 OF FRANK'S DAMAGES. BAM!
I want a white suit
Alex Presley with an inside-the-park-home-run on the first at bat tonight against the Cards. #LetsGoBucs :)
which research?
If she got no clothes on I let her in, and her set of friends!
“No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader. No surprise in the writer, no surprise in the reader.” ― Robert Frost
My prayers are w/ #Japan. But who believes what we're being told about the #nuclear disaster? Don't these people deserve the truth?
you may be wondering how many more eps of millionaire matchmaker i can possibly watch in a row. as many as it takes to become
Win a 4 hour cruise on the Schooner Mallory Todd in Seattle. The tickets are $20 to support Sailing Heritage Society; Call 206-381-6919
gobbleygooker doesn't count as "he" never had a match. But that was a LAME Thanksgiving surprise they served up in 1990
And now to bath time. Question is, how much time will elapse between bath time and bed time?
like, don't tell people you're in the same place...then randomly leave...and reapear in her screan! XD
Good luck to Towson women's lax this weekend against Penn State.
Time flyin dumb fast today.. its already 1pm -____-
I love art I live art
I'm reading 'The Extra 2%' by Really enjoying it so far.
These niggas so thirsty
The victorias secret pandora ad is really the only one I don't mind
I did but I can't find it
No event is too small for us to cater. Holla at us soon to get on our schedule.
hell yeah! “: not only did you guys convince me to join twitter but i now have 12 introductions to look forward to!”
I like that you view it as an issue. Says a lot about the kinda guy you are. Too bad more women and men don't think the same.
who's got finals all this week?
I hate sleeping alone
sweet. We rolled out 1 of 3 new features today. Visit reports. Delivered to your inbox each night all leads collected for day
i really fucking hate my life today.
No great man ever complains of want of opportunities.Ralph Waldo Emerson
why r we even friends anymore?
Still recovering from that nasty bicycle accident I had two weeks ago. Remember peeps, wear your safety helmet!!! vSB
Knicks lets beat the Heat
oh hey...so yeah...music k.
Josh Hamilton is a man possessed
Jason, foul mouthed bartender is tonights mission. Also it's your turn to speak next, then
Single man+ambition+faith= SUCCESS
yeah that'd be cool haha it's up to you:)
Burn lots of calories, eat lots of egg whites. Good way to start the New Year!
Omg my body is so sore from my workout
Xo Beniam RT : “: so you agree with gay marriage?” you don't?!
Watching old episodes of the secret life
Try creaclip.com for cutting your own bangs and layers. Then let me know; too scared to try it myself. But you are brave!
#FamousLies - "That was my last piece."
Today feels like its going to be a long ass day -.-
flick of the wrist
Do it for the children. And the rest of humanity.
Took care of my lab practicum LIKE A BOSS!
will you be getting anymore items in for the World Championship?
The only thing you should FOLLOW is your dreams. In the words of Steve Jobs, "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."
Van der Sar: Ferguson will lead United to derby success - CNN
haha just saying P and O are quite a ways from C and A ;)
Live tweeting from Civic Center in San Diego as #occupysd organizers rouse crowd. Labor #Union leaders are pumping up crowd of a few hundred
trust your intuition. be true to your intention.
Good night Lady!
I know your tears more then you. Cause I've seen the too much.
#FF Old school college newspaper pals making it big edition
u stay at work. Every time I go there u there
#Caps should seriously look into trading Ovechkin.
will do - enjoy Long Beach...see ya soon.
I need coffee lots of COOOFFEEEE
Oh no! Hope you're feeling better.
My works bathrooms always smell like fresh shit..
Would you like to work from home? To help pets? To help people? www.PeoplePlanetPetsBiz.com
I need the proof not promises :)
Someday, you'll realize how much you cared about her and how amazing she was. But, she'll already be with the guy who always knew.
Must be the weather, but I woke up (and got outside) with a distinct feeling I was in Paris this morning.
- I WANT A Bf , But Mfs Unfaithful ;/
Thanks for having us, Milwaukee! Hope you will catch us when we launch weekly next month.
-- Never gonna happen ...
I don't feel lk writing notes
Np I've actually seen quite a few of those spam messages today. Must be a worm.
the only teacher i dislike is my homeroom teacher l0l
Thank you for cutting into Ryan's speech. You saved my life.
What a beautiful day! Hope everyone in #ROC is able to enjoy it.
You are not an order taker, but a memory maker!
Look for me in the Nat'l Park Foundation commercial airing nation wide this week on ABC, Planet Green, & Nat'l Geographic!
Bus leads to glee noche excelente
I'm slowly realizing I just don't like #IsaacAsimov. His writing I mean. Is it possible to be a sci-fi writer and not like Asimov?
You're welcome!
Can I retweet that my friend :) I think I need to get this book
Morning Rockstars! > Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. - Albert Einstein
NO ONE is more "effective and influential" than our Nation's President -- stop giving him a pass 💋
I hate to say it but when I watch Glee I think about Suicide
hope it got better or at least more inebriated. We are on our way to Nola
tumblr the blog platform for writers?
Gatekeeper. Wasn't that the rogue spyware that allowed the bad guys to take over in the movie The Net? And now Apple has it...
Ha! Glad you had a good time.
ikr ... like what the heck ?! hangout soon .
Ridiculous overturn of the TD.
same here thanks to #livegive and always nice making friends!
hey what's good with u
Use Twitter to collect fans and new friends.
“: I cannot fucking stand True Blood, I can't be the only one.”with u on that one
yeah that's a prob “: I need to stop making 5 plans for 1 night & forgetting about half of them. This is why I'm a ditcher :(”
at Parisol Bar Up #wynn With Resource Group. Join us if you are
Caffeine is required, please input.
What your plan for Sunday?
“You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.” - C.S. Lewis
Today while I was conducting auditions this rock band did their rendition of " dat babyt don't look like me."
Smells bomb . Ehw , she needs a shower or some . Yuck . Im not going too school .
Join us for our Fall Performance (also known as Jazz Night) 6pm at St. Philips Church (next door to the Eldon Ward YMCA)-See you there!
British Garden @ Hanover Square Garden @ Premium Laces the attacks. these people were pissed at 12 AM I'm.
I remembered today how much harder I work at something when someone tells me I can't do it than what someone tells me I can.
Nikki Russell has just dorkified me, Dork Diaries style!
RT : More time we spend opening our imaginations and experience the cleansing process of journaling, we hit gold.
only can match my stripe game
hope you had fun today! Can't wait until we hang out again!
One last full-length practice before the #MURFC 2011 Season debut! We'll have to see what kind of support the locals have for us today......
“: hey, how's the hair doing?” I'm rockin it. ;) I think I may trim it this weekend. We'll see.
I'm writing a WBN follow up for Library Journal, got any stories to share? Email me at
Hey guys! Share this page with your friends. Y'know?
yes, that is why I have started PHipster
But that what I get for constantly reading the tech support boards...
wait, Bachelorette premieres tonight?!
Can't wait to get this mohawk, like forreal yo.
not yet, we are letting it go another day
The gig last night was so much fun. Thanks so much for lifting my spirits and even getting me to sing :)
Ah yes, those long term planning tasks :-p (rubbing alcohol might take it off)
OH: I'm afraid of tall people, what if they fall on me?
So very VERY wrong. I like it.
Hello protein shake, its been a long time. Be kind to me.
In new York! I need a place to throw my bag for few hours who's around and wants to chill?!?!
yes email me at
Did Invodo technology power that embedded video? :-)
Chuck Brown, pioneer of go-go funk music, has died at 75
We did too, from the West! :)
Dear heart, Please stop getting involved. Your job is to pump blood- that's it!
Friday. Its here. Thank god. Time for some good beer with the wife!
well rhen do the right thing.... extend the shot gun
That was simply amazing. Smart little kid!!!
but girl you aint the only one thats trying to be only one
It's too amazing-looking NOT to copy.
Good luck! 1st days are the best :)
Keep calm and carry on...
Its sad ...but it's so true
About to call it a night....Tired as ever -_- Goodnight Tweetie Birds....
is HTML6 going to be where we go back and remove all of the prefixes?
What is the main character's journey? Do the ghosts help her to feel more in some way?
Educating San Diego High Schools on renewable energy, Anything for the kids! www.411greenwave.com
your an idiot dude.
lol its life
Are contacts a pain to wear? I'm considering grabbing some... Glasses get old. But I don't wanna touch my eye :-(
I love the internet. Tonight's big find: video of Madonna's Blond Ambition Tour. Spent the evening getting reacquainted with it.
Arsenal remain 3rd! We must win against West Bromich in order to make it to the Champions League!
welcome to 2011, oh wait, 2012
especially not by a dilettante from the field of Education whose goal it is to rewrite a book written four times already
Morning world. Didnt do anything crazy lastnight
Going on a #ziptrip? Need some winter driving tips? Look no further: www.zipcar.com/zipsafely
whoops I mean a while back...
This 3-day weekend is yours to enjoy.
and I like lance but doing that when you don't play is dumb
we're so glad you are enjoying it!
yea yea the NY hatred just ticks me off can't deny I'm gonna listen next week
Thunderstorms at night>>>>
At the seeing They are amazing tonight!
21 years riding the NYC subway lines.
#TwoThingsThatDontMix - Hiring a company to do social media marketing without a company designated person to communicate and direct process.
new sandmaster. yes, I think so. 'bout to hack it up #hacky then
going to be a great night at Epic!
lol it's close. Maybe I gotta watch the one from tonight again
I took out the ice axe from the raincoat, gripped it in my hand and, with my eyes closed, dealt him a terrible blow on the head.
yeah like people really sleep at #SXSW no one is ever sleeping they just recharge when their phones die
Thanks What time are you open tomorrow?
or 2000 even.
Say NO to drugs Kids it will ruin your life lol. I'm serious!
do tell...
Google Places establishes your business quite effectively, providing an intuitive interface for customers to locate your business.
#PIPPs for life :)
In need of a drink n a friend anyway takers?
sure they have #twistedshotz buttery nipples and porn star in TX! Some drive thru barn does!
Had a coo little day & time to catch some Z's
good idea! Though I think we should go tomorrow because if we did it today there might not be enough time to spread the word...
Famazing! Congrats #packers!
Gym time over. Now time to go back into the studio.
In Toledo for vs. with my son. Beautiful weather. What a great day!
I know it's week one but fin nice!!!!
This year went by so fast.
Beez in the trap.
thank you for stopping in!! great to see you!
no worries. There's a large in my office with your name on it.
RT : Today in Jewish Sports History: 1966 Sandy Koufax end holdout & signs 1 yr deal w #Dodgers for $130k his final year playing
Bett, Call And Make A Appointment, Whatchu Tryna Get?
I was scouring articles for my research, but I'm sleepy and that can wait until tomorrow.
` For My Ex: Tyrese- How You Gonna Act Like Tht ...
juliest Thanks for the recommendations. It's for a client/colleague cocktails. I'll pass on those ideas ;)
I love you and thank you for inspiring me to sing and write more :) love you <33333 !!
haha its ok! it's just how I built the group so everyone is plugged in either on FB or twitter. Cant wait to collaborate
I think we'll use (most of) mr. obama's campaign playlist as the theme music for tomorrow's #PLA2012 unconference. Join us in Rm 122, 12.30.
I'm pretty sure that suggestions are based on similar users, since you post mostly about sports so you'll end up getting ESPN
I Love MB Song Hello
I've had 3 neighbors come by & introduce themselves since we moved in. Never once has this happened anywhere else I have lived. Vashon wins.
im not watching the game btw
"Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." – George Bernard Shaw
hey Alex how was your Day ?(:
Hell yea! I cant remember the name, but have you seen the brit zombie tv series about the big brother house?
": enjoy your day!!!" Will do! U as well
I've got a good guess :-)
just have to clean my weapons and then it's finally gym time :D
I find it odd that 100 people will "like" some nonsense about pop stars, and pay no attention to common sense about our own lives.
If i die tommorow, make sure austin and justin knows my love them <3
Porters pub...
Hahaha thanks. I appreciate that.
Wish I could see Monroe Park and the Fan right now. Someone tweet some pics.
Guys, relax, Jason Russell was probably just filming a bit for Jackass 4. Also, see: Ad Hominem.
Everyone please go follow please4
oh I c....well I guess that's ok lol
One should always be wary of someone who promises their love will last longer than a weekend.~~~Quentin Crisp
You ask me why I'm acting like this obviously it's because I don't love you anymore
Highschool , I hate it
Writing an archaeology paper. I don't really understand what is going on...
I like that one.
So they probably lose another 100 eh?
you win! DM me your email address and you'll get a ticket link :]
Hi my early birds! Tchaikovsky's Valse Scherzo coming up---excellent way to start your day! Violinist Gil Shaham's performance not to be...
yeh you gotta wait 6 months from when its approved in cali. if i got married in nevada like i wanted itd be done already.
im about to post my summer pics because im bored is that ok?:)
So what do you think? Is the new season of #thesingoff going to be good?
Good Friday Morning!
I really hate the way Ben treats Amy -.-
"bench points" is going to be the narrative while Laker guards utter lack of defense is the real story.
Even if you not a fan of Travis Porter you have to love at least a couple of their songs
OMG WHAT
need any in south beach?
Michael Higdon is scared of Siri. She's going to become self aware and he's telling us how.
In The.Studio.with listening to The.dope.tracks.with
am I the only one who wants to have fun tonight?
Mrs ricks puts me to sleep. Smh
Happy hannukah to all my fellow celebrators
Another day at Mira Loma in court fighting for a bond and talking to detainees... Today government did not have file so judge could not gran
Somthin happened to my twitter page?? looks DOPE though.
Oh...and how oblivious you are this... If only you knew... Wow
Lookin' cute in a $4 Ralph Lauren outfit, discovered the gas station down the street has a candy-bar dedicated cooler, phone w
uh do tell.....young guy shirt, where?
i absolutely do, but i'm not going to be around tonight.
Thanks for the follow! How do u get your avatar to move like that? I want one!
Oakley, Welch, Gregg & Donnelly had them fired-up last night - Well Done! - JDG
me too :3
Not in his world.
waiting for the phone to ring.
did federer pull out of roma?
At fifty everyone has the face he deserves.
Sex Is Always On My Mind.
alrighty, i'll see! thank you for your suggestion love :) !
RACE has been selected as a finalist for the category of Louisiana Filmmaker at the 21st Annual New Orleans Film Festival - thank you NOFF!!
Since ain't preachin tonite I guess I'm goin to bed.
“ Don't settle for anybody, just so u can have somebody”
That hashtag could not be more accurate. Love you
wow beautiful :)
i know why, low man on totem pole. I do have a solid opening gambit ready if asked.
Deep day! lectures ranged from doc genres in upper level SOC for students producing int'l crisis docs to media management in visual anthro
In #Decatur? PDF Research Advocate Brenda Greene arranged for #Parkinson's resources to be at today's senior health fair
Wish we would post against that little guard.
Dirty girl! “: HAHAHA I know. He sounded so proper when he said it and I had the mind of a 13 yr old boy for a moment.”
Do you think Braun's big game last night (3 HR's, triple, 6 RBI) was a harbinger of big things to come for #Brewers or was it just a fluke?
Go Brewers! Good luck today at home opener!
I wonder how this boy will ever survive without me?! Hmm... #smfh pity
hey Annie call me later and let's talk
photographed two architectural projects this week and am doing aerials tomorrow.
Most r packers fans...next rt : Tim Skubick: Michigan senator wants Detroit Lions to play Green Bay Packers in Upper Pennisula
I'm #nervous 😳
Ha! I love that.
it's gonna be crazy!
you're welcome. i use about three different twitter clients because each offers different features :-)
buying it right now.
Think big, dream BIGGER! It has been awesome to share with you these days and experiences!
A beautiful warm day in Florence, AL. :)
I'm done "abusing" Gary Busey......
After due consideration, I think it's safe to say that I hate my job.
Thanks for the follow - higher-ed tech manager here with doctorate in Indonesian lit - eclectic by definition!
See if you can get #TweetForJillandBrit trending. Definitely get points for creativity.
Shorty Wanna Fuck Me I Say Get On Top n Rollercoast
if someone starts playing Rhinestone Cowboy I am going to be pissed & probably have to finish the 2nd bottle of
Thank you so much Pam!
i hear ya
Hi hi
I wish would get on so i could ask her a serious question!
is a LOSER !!! I won this one :P
Shoutout To #TeamLNC We Are Winning ♡
what u mean ?
About to interview before his show tonight at SPACE in Evanston. His new CD, "One Day Die," dropped 3/29. Good stuff!
*beats head on desk* oh monday, why you gotta do me so wrong?
You enjoy that Roos win Sunday?
Hey Life team... Scones are on sale Plan your day accordingly
How does this happen to me.... We made an unexpected drunkin visit to Mexico last night . Headed back to America!!! Cinco De Mayo Winning!!!
kyle williams = giants mvp
Tonight is the night. Shaq tells the world.
Is really happy and Merry Christmas got a new phone;)
Amen!!!RT : Don't settle for someone... just so you can have someone.
Insider peak into M A R Y 's schedule: May 11, WORK. May 12, WORK. May 13, WORK. May 14 WORK.
Another successful night of Big Banging ;) #BAZINGA!
The government spending money on ads telling us that smoking is unhealthy is like making sure all of us know water is wet.
I'm FB'ing w/some now. Plenty are nervous & skeptical of the move. Still they may support&rationalize it as political necessity
RT training with at Santa Monica beach every tues & thurs !
Bug hunting today. Its no fun when you break something you fixed before...
She the sh*t...she the one
I know! I miss that too
I would never push the Where the Wild Things Are movie though. I don't want people to have their memories spoiled.
God it still feels like we have days left.
Our new #Baltimore City opening in 45 days or so.....
Maybe it's just because I'm grumpy
Ugh im so gross
We can arrange for Donny to come back and remove that feeling for you.
Good idea about the pin! She loves her pins!
Couldn't be more excited! RT Two months exactly until wine country! San Fran! Vegas! Happy May 1
1. Be impeccable with you word. 2. Don't take anything personally. 3. Don't make assumptions. 4. Always do your best.
Duke/Carolina game tomorrow nt! Head down, get some warmth, good southern cookin' and enjoy the rivalry!
Hahaha good! I like getting retweeted(:
hype as fuck that I'm going to the game tonight!! I swear they better not let this one slip away
So Big Time Rush won the Blimp??? I'm sorry, but I didn't get to watch the KCAs last night...
I'm guessing you meant me! haha Thanks bro!
You have got to be kidding me..
that's what happens when you have people who don't do the work do the hiring...
I'm considering getting a smart phone. Do you have to take some kind of test to prove you're smart enough to own one?
I wonder how many college kids were about to sit down and write a paper today, only to learn that Wikipedia had been blacked out
e-llo! Weird - I thought I already followed you? Did you get a new account or something?
Everyday I'm shoveling! Thankful for the snow blower that came with our house.
Yes!! I would Love to do Film, but I Love Theatre as well, so I'm going to have to find a way to juggle both coasts!
I haven't seen a call that bad at Yankee Stadium since...every day. These umpires should be drawn, quartered and fed to a pack of donkeys.
forty love
- I'm puking with jealousy you, you, Nerf Herder! ;-)
Watching an incredible performance by
haha, no ma'am I ran just around the block, I don't like to go to the gym by myself people stare.. And it gets akward! :o
I love Barry! Did U C the special the other night on locker break-ins in Indy b/c of the show? stealing treasure! :O
On my way home from awesome backpacking trip. Ironically, my iPhone had better reception on top of Cold Mountain than I get at work.
#bad news. Someone threw a rock into windshield.
On a non-bookish note, glad I watched TVD last night. Otherwise twitter would be a dangerous place today.
“: #vsa2011 Picturing Success: Nice to start a session with an audience involvement activity!” I second that!
i really dislike driving my mom around lol she brazyyy yo
thanks man! Big game
Just for the record, how many shows do you watch?
he's still in the #NFL?
thanks for the follow. If you'd placed your web address in your twitter profile, I'd have been there already:)
I love watching YouTube videos of the boys, it makes me happy.
Almost time to get off
I'm in a Disney bus being tortured by endless Disney ads.
it was wonderful, it was magical, it was everything i've waited for, a miracle.
Would consider Starship Troopers. Other ideas?
lol not exactly... yet haha but at least you tried unlike my other 49 followers!
Awesome! Well make a shirt available for you since you'll be at TH!
Listenin to sugar ray since the suns out
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
RT : The music industry is a big bandwagon now ...
Oh! Sounds good!!! 2013?
There's like officially nothing for me to do besides clean the damn house. Ugh.
How do you make a blonde laugh on a Wednesday? Tell her a joke on a Monday!
I'm not afraid to speak the truth at anytime
Finally I can actually start working at work but I don't feel like it.
"i cant believe this but there are some real nasty [Spambots Fooling My Friends To DM Me Claiming] nasty things being said about [me]."
No doubt!!! Barber knew it instantly “: nothing like an ex-Dallas Cowboy to be a moron.”
I've gotten 3 requests to advertise on my blog over the past month... I must have passed some marketing threshold of readership...
Bitches smut for BC
Lazy Saturday.
♫ The sheik he drove his Cadillac He went a' cruisin' down the ville The muezzin was a' standing On the radiator grille ♫
Thankful for the best friends on the planet.
the heat would probably get a new coach then
hi darling i am back from the cave:)
that $10 off code for our twitter followers is still valid! use the code: TWITFOLLOW at checkout to get $10 off when you buy 2 shirts :)
Dating a player
Duck Dynasty
I can't speak for Phil, but I'll be back soon! RT : #FF Two people who I wish Tweeted more: and
Resident says we should hold stadiums accountable for the trash in the parking lots and sidewalks in a larger radius of the actual stadium.
Attn: #Chicago RT Anybody in Chicago, Rogers park specifically, that could help us out today?
Thought you would have gone with a $NKE driver...Near the top of my bucket list is to tee it up with you, and win some $$.
Critical Thinks skills in IOWA, Not.
"David Ortiz is done." -Me circa 2009. I may have missed the mark a bit there.
OMG UR FROM IRELAND???? i have roots from there i cant wait to go there sometime it looks so pretty and magical.... *dream* (-<)
lmao nope I'm ready this time buddy! No suitcase just a backpack my good sir.
thanks bro I really appreciate that!
Visit WAMO100 site beginning Thursday for Drake "Club Paradise Tour" Pre-Sale Tickets! Get 'em before tixs go on sale to the public on Fri!
Mcdonalds with my sister :D shesss buying.
is gonna get so famous like BAM!! All those haters can just sit back and cry(;
Thank you for the RT...Have a great day! -Kevin
My mother decides to jump on me and we rolled off the bed. Nice.
"We have a world premiere with " well yeah! I'd like to see it sometime today if you don't mind. Thank you very much(: <3
Interested in low expense/high results coaching. Starting new coaching groups soon on authentic living. Contact me for info
RT : In addition to our ready to eat empanadas, we will be selling frozen empanadas tomorrow at the Queen Anne Farmers Market!
Awe thanks dude you rock!!!
I may see you here then!
I love you so much!!
next show Stephen A vs. Skip, one on one!
lmao damn I feel for u then
SOPA legislation (which would essentially make prison-bound felons of anyone embedding a YouTube clip) -< not good at all
work what is right in your life, and work harder on what is not.
Just back from JDRF YLC Meeting and... Some believe the Type 2 #diabetes epidemic distracts from Type 1 research. Thoughts?
he come up wit the most random posts....but they make sense tho
Thank you for coming to the Rauh Lecture on Monday. We will post photos shortly.
I don't give a fuck god sent me to piss the world off.
So...., I hear you're starting the limbo at prom with your cane?
where is my topsoil
When can I buy a "You got sIrved" shirt at the team shop?
I wanna grilled cheese !
I'm thinking of visiting dc this summer
"Kill the Bill" is being chanted up & down Bluemound! Tons of protesters out, about, stopping traffic!
that was fun and thought provoking, sorry we didn't connect!
My bed never felt so great
What series is this? This looks really interesting!
Thanks to my colleague for such a warm welcome! Looking forward to exploring academia through twitter!
Come get it smackn with me and bird on the hill down crawford at the rent office.Starts at 7 ends at 11 its 2dollars to get in.
I need some new music. Don't recommend Justin biebs or One Direction. I already have all of their songs.
Height: 396 lines 432, how about you?
Belated thanks for the #FF acknowledgment!
Gretchen Wagner of : Range of collective actions available for us to take. We need to work together - and get funding...
#HCD = human-centered design - very much in line w/yr "start w/audience, understand their problems & context & values"
Like this status if you preferred Dalton with his beard. </3
Sweet thanks! :D
Is startin a campaign to send all ugly and fat girls to Africa so they can catch a diease there and rid the world of there presence
sweet guy= friend zone...asshole guy= boyfriend... lession learned dont b a nice guy if you actually want a girl
Going to look at a potential office space on Tuesday. I am SO EXCITED, you guys. Time to grow this biz.
Just wanna lay down and be anti social
A1: personally believe trad. org model does not deliver against org. goals but dept goals (contd)
Come on boys, let's win this one and go home
Re: perfection has a name. Casey Fox?
Thank you for being our 500th follower!
gracias ! Hahaa and my friend mike and jose
Hey What network is the Grammys on?
GOOD IDEA. Know any good hills around here?? RT : All this snow makes me wanna sled!!!
I have back issues--you can see them after I black out my pieces. It was also thrilling to grow up to drink at the same bar as Spike Vrusho.
New is excellent! I'm surprised it such a low rating in the Mac App Store.
Now, about this Kentucky Derby murder (stops blinking, reaches for popcorn)
BREAKING: Lindsay Lohan has red hair again.
#didyouknow Over its life, a cow can provide 200,000 glasses -- or 12,500 gallons (47,300 liters) -- of milk. Crazy, right?
Back at work and feeling stressed? Try deep breathing to clear your head and re-focus.
TONY a word of encouragement? it is so hard to lift out of mediocrity WHY? Have ever been afrais of success? Good night bro
Oh do i got a story for my best friends.
I really don't wanna drive right now -__-
Reserve your room for #SMILEcon NOW! Hotel rate expires tomorrow! www.TheSMILEconference.com
Fuck this equality shit. No excuse for women acting like nasty men born in a barn yard. YUCK!!!
someone once told me i looked liked a 12 year old. that was last year... hm.
"Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick"
Team Fried Rice???? I'm in! haha RT dear fried rice, i thank you and i love you.
some days napping beats homework, most days napping beats homework
Probably because your mouth is opened on your twitter pic lol
i know! he never wrote me back though :)
Follow for updates on new educational film about boys' development in cultural landscapes that privilege hypermasculinity
Life is so great you just never know where you are going to find love or when you do find love what incredible things it will bring you
Good Night Muni Kids... Gotta be up early.
Tapas Garden reopens in Indian Rocks Beach FL 1007. Let the flamenco and paella goddesses loose, it's Spanish rioja time (Ergo).
Nice! We're actually available in and around Philly. We'd love to see TGB at Dover!
Make sure your tie's a little longer or button that jacket...lol
a bus just drove by a bus that said Chicago pizza tour!
missing mr.p's last day as our student teacher <<<<<< 😔😢 #mrserb's7thperiodgym
Andrew Luck: Defining Successful Rookie Season for Indianapolis Colts and Luck
Damn. Sorry to hear that, Dan.
great work this season man! You guys worked your asses off. Look forward to next year!
daughter-in-law, who loves you and is better to you than seven sons.” 16Naomi took the child and held it to her bosom. She #Torah 95/99
Friday night, South Bend Super 8, Bee Movie
"Do you want to just purchase these like a normal person?"- Kristen in studio services. Touché!
Why u need a criminal lawyer? 1)Reduce to a lesser charge, 2)lower the punishment, & 3)reduce/eliminate jail time, go to:...
New Nao merch is being designed.
mom's homemade apple pie made with no sugar or sugar subs so you really taste the apples and cinnamon plus it's diabetic friendly.
Catching up on the Office. It's not NEARLY as bad as I thought it would be!
Happy birthday Forrest,Matt,an Rihanna.
Grand Groove tonight.
working, enjoying life and traveling soon
Last time I was in San Diego was with Macho Man for Slim Jim. Times have changed... So excited to be going with the MFF team!!
RT : Truly you are a mighty guru! The simplicity of the solution is too revelatory for mortality to handle! Must stock up!
no problem:)
I freaking love you. That is why i am sharing this free promotion site with you. site is on my profile. :)
I failed bye
Where is that place at?
Virtual machines... It sucks. I know. But those "screenscraper" apps don't really work that well.
Yay! Spring break :)
@ school my head hurts a lil
Watching the pit crew challenge also on
So now I'm down to just del.icio.us and Twitter... Of course I'm a bit of a control freak and like my web with some editorial content...
It's going to be a good serious 4sho. I also think SA may give OKC a battle too.
does #Nikon 's languid production strategies and 5-steps behind #Canon render it obsolete in today's ever changing digital landscape?
Thanks Chris! I've used Thesis exclusively for over two years and wouldn't have been possible without it!
"You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus."
picture me rollin'.
O ok ND I got Dat game on Ma iPod but What u doin Right Now?
Gonna bust out my 80s country mix tonight to get the Friday party started. #harpervalleyPTA #9to5 #swingin'
It's a great feeling to be called into work and then 1 hour later getting a call saying nevermind :)
Cherish every moment you have with a person, because you never know when they might be gone
It's a beautiful day in the Bay!
please tweet me sumtymzz :)
true. And Fiona's coming.
My brain is a bit frizzled. I keep switching between editing technical documents and writing a wedding ceremony.
My dad can't take me to school tomorrow so I have to go alone )))))):
Fried right now
Watching Felicity is like an Alias reunion! I love shows like that.
Though I'm doing a church tour the non-profits and DV shelters are really wanting me to come and speak.
REALLY want to get UC Classics on Twitter; Love the idea of our projects, news, and possibly musings being accessible in tweet format.
#ThingsIDislike Leading somebody on.. Or somebody leading me on.
*to be
thanks for posting re:#wordcamplv. Great ustream feed. Kukral has exc. points on failure. Be a failure, not a loser - get back up.
Social media policies shouldn't be about don'ts. Employees should be train and empowered to participate responsibly.
Patience peeps, Manning will come and everyone in Denver will be happy.
not his own lawn at all. “: - His own lawn? #GhettoRoundUp #KillsWeeds”
A miracle
you have an amazing sense of style!
we shall c sir
Not sure how I feel about the new show 'The Pitch' on AMC. It's an interesting look inside the creative process though. Agency folks?
“: If you ate food and you didn't put it on Instagram, did you really eat it?” totes.
thanks for the RT!
please follow mee i love youu
Also, "ancient aliens" is one of the lamest, dumbest sci-fi (fuck it; it's pure fantasy) premises.
ok phone out of power watch for 224 number
ikr time change is a pain in the neck
When girls think its cute to take pictures of eachother on the toilet<<< not cute beezys
Geometry lesson: Lela Rose mixes geo prints to perfection in a collection punctuated by gray and mustard yellow - and fab cocktail frocks.
It was going to end up in a high note, with an uplifting musical # for Marilyn. Now, the pills on that obsessed actress. Why hasn't she die?
Wait, so, are you suggesting foundation garments for swimwear? I have never heard of that. Is that a thing people do?
Long lines to win the $640M for the Mega Millions lotto. What would u do with $640M??
Ikea gets green light for new Reading store Ikea has gained planning permission to open its 19th UK store in Reading, the first to be bui
How do you start a marathon? Connecticut only has 1 marathon. I think that needs to change.
Adding a book to Favorites doesn't automatically download it!
really guys? I gotta hear this one.
She's my fav for the evening!
managed to keep my clothes clean for first half of day. amazing too. go
i gotcha pimp gotcha by tomorrow
#LakeShow up next time to get denver up outta there
I just had my identity stolen for the first time, huzzah! F-you, whoever went to McDonalds in California.
I totally agree(;
me too homes lol you at lunch??
I just saw the pictures of the wedding in Jamaica - awesome!
thanks for the follow if yall ever need beats feel free to hit me up.. trap shit for days
for a technology company. i enjoy it. and, yeah, I'm certain we could! ;P
Hope you have a great day!
I think I'm addicted to Sam Adams Summer Ale, it's just so refreshing and delicious. M.
Run the ball bruce.
The game I'm interested in today is Memphis/New Orleans. If NO loses this or their final game, Portland stays at #6 against Dallas. Go Griz!
Big Bang Theory! Big Bang Theory! Big Bang Theory!
Congrats, Sir!
You can find it on #Youtube RT : have not seen it yet!
Go Juliet!!!!! You need to stay! :D
Hopefully the #Cowboys have revamped defense after the
Welcome to all of our new followers! For those in Chicago, hope to see you at the next likemind on June 19!
right Titan won
Do what?
Back to the beach!
,me to
Kyle Anderson coming out strong with 4 quick points. 21st best hair.
I feel sick!
That poor lamb.
After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes. He said, "No hablo ingles."
you're welcome :)
You're one of the only people I know that also listens to Deas Vail. I love Birds & Cages so much.
I NEED FOOD!!!!
Two years today I've been on The Twitter, or at least so says
That's with you and Bury the Hatchet right??? We were gonna and we really want to, but I told Jeff today that were just buckling
A reminder that Georgetown has a REALLY attractive student body.
sure you do
i was at sw, but now I'm in Denver ✈
23 hours into the New Year and the resolutions are still intact... A new record.
great to see you at ICS event on Thurs thanks as always for all your of our school
Couldnt find my fav shoes this morning then I remembered has them 
reading ('s) book, "140 characters "; much more interesting than anticipated
Oh Happy Day! Finishing week 2 of #Insanity and week 1 of new job!
Payphone is stuck in my head ;p
Honestly don't know why I have them. I'll never use them lol
ive had my twitter for 3 years
Where's Andrew's phone
“: These vocab words are never gonna get done..”
Today is my last day as Mr. AHS. I'd just like to thank everyone for the opportunity, I wouldn't trade the experience for the world.
I want a shower like the one shown in the Kohler commercial.
DTV program great success!
offal truck = bankrupt truck
#rbms09 RBMS announced today that preconference registration has reached 225 registered attendees. 200 spaces remain open.
Did forget to pay their website hosting bill?
*sings* You Da One that I dream about all daaayyyy ( )
Im no parent but I feel like its unwise to let your 5 yr old ride their bike across E Wash. Especially if you're 10 ft behind them. #JustMe?
Beginning search for Kin in GA & FL. Will wait for the indexing to complete before beginning the remainder. What about you?
Driving on ice tip from local Houston news: turn off cruise control.
will be at tonight lets get it
Down with broccoli! Great job on the live tweets for
is there a 'migrate' tool from slideshare to speakerdeck?
make two dreams come true but following me nd 27
Oxy Mo: Considerate Boss
yeah some of us have sensitive egos too. Its hard being a manly man sometimes. heh.
StarsDieFeed: I think that XMIII should be Porcupine Tree Live at the Royal Albert Hall, if you agree, RT!
Save the date: Our May General Body Meeting will take place on 5/24 at 6:45pm at NPR.
your grass roots culture is pretty #BA dudes
can i be your beach wife? ;) haha
Y is it everyone else who interviews talks about the pins and the greens etc... And PHIL just talks about himself.. Cont
Except when the same thing makes you sad, angry or joyful for the 70th time...Then promise, reply and decide!
thanks for coming today!
Ugly storm stirring outside! I hope everyone stays safe!! storms can be pretty cool though.
Guess it's time to cancel my Melrose Place remake series recording ;-)
Its such a nice night tonight.
can't wait to read your book!
Bowl of cereal here i comee ...
What it was .. What aint foo !!
I know a guy in Nigeria who will write it AND give you $5 million, but until then, maybe we can help: www.citelighter.com
Final countdown to the highly-anticipated girls' wkd/BFF's bachelorette party at
Hustling Monday. Early grind.
Back from a wonderful time in Tosa...now I gotta get my act back together. These next few weeks are going to fly!
I made the Dean's list in my last semester of college. Finally.
Thinking about Activity-based marketing for real estate. What do you do everyday that you wish potential customers knew about?
Yeah she gotta nice voice! RT : thats bro
Set your mind to NOT be easily offended and see how much better you get along with people. :)
Watching love don't cost a thing ,
We had some technical difficulties for the last few days, but we're up and running again!!
I guess valentines day wasnt that bad this year... :) got a suprise visit! =D thanks for my gifts babe! Ur thee best! Muahh!!!!
Can only imagine what their marketing meetings are like.
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 25
544 miles was my total driving distance this weekend. Totally worth it though.
What if she starts crying?
I'm always curious about how many people worked on something like, say, the new Gmail design. 5? 20? 1? I have no idea.
This bus driver sucks at driving. I feel like I'm going to be sick.
It's hard to know for sure. That is for sure!
In Soviet Russia, car shine you.
Now I'm on the line with an automated system, trying to explain that I want tickets to Sigur Ros. Unsurprisingly, it isn't going well.
is it that one girl who is totally hooked on you? I think she's crazy for you, bruh.
WSPA juniors showing how #Sconnie nation can dance in Chicago
THE SCREAMER ROLL: Japanese HOT Mustard, WASABI, Asparagus & Tuna.
Off to visit the new Schusterman Library!
August is here already!!! OMG!!!!
never take for granted the people you have in your life. keep them close, and hold on tight .
No one is ever going to tell me i cant be a singer ever again
TY! They say that the letter arrives when you don't expect it any more...when it gets cold...when it's raining in your world
Special thanks to those in 's car tonight blasting "Time Is Of The Essence" and singing along! That's what we love to see!
Terrific meeting at Center for Distance Education today. Digital matters to libraries and to online course design...
um I love you!
plz tweet me in the morning to wake me up
You are coming to the teach-in on Corporate Welfare, Ms Tiffany? Yay! Looking forward to meeting you! Memorial Park, 2/11, 2pm
Gonna miss as a #blazer!
Excited!! Today my Author Event at Barnes and Noble La Mesa 1-3pm Save Your Home for the holidays.
Saul made me this cool ass drawing of an elephant.
Aww It's the Pisces in me! You're pretty great yourself. <3
I really don't think 2 ppl should've never been yelled at in my government class get rid of those 2 boys n we'll be good!
I def belong in NYC:) this I know.
Does anybody else have dreams about their ex for no reason ? I seem too and its annoying
follow before she commits!27
NICE! What's the spot again?
When can we stop by for a sample we are your neighbors on Tyler St.
if what ur sayin is true. Y are ppl Rt'n it then? Lol
Just found out my grandparents ranch is on 800 acres. Who the fuck needs 800 acres?
What's your fave Bad Bartender story? From both sides of the counter! Let us know! #bartenderhatesu Let's get this to be a trending topic!
rocked it at the
Ready for the presentation at Niles West HS! Chicago.
What, don't play WoW for 3 months, and they hit you with 4 hrs of updates upon next login? Is this some sort of punishment for my absence?
thanks, Ryan although no one at the hospital knew WTF I was wearing, I have better fashion luck at Krogers!
Spiked my hair for the first and last time of my life
Dropping a quart of opened paint off the counter is a great way to get paint ALL over! Oops, thankfully I use acrylic!!
DESPERATELY need a drink after the week I had
Best performance technology for positive outcomes...mouth,ears and pen. Say it, Hear it,Follow up in writing.
Your International fame awaits you!!! Invites the most people to like our FB page and have your picture and name displayed on our website.
never say never!!
Legendary, eh? We like the cut of your jib. Keep up the good work. Cheers!
you Sir are a winemaking ninja! Would love to send u a tee you could rock in SF! If thats cool let us know.
While cleaning out the backroom, we came across a box of old "Due Date" stickies. Does anybody even remember these?
lol its still alive ask leele to take u to yo house after college
darling you're with him.
A woman who knows how to fuck starts off by sucking the dick then rides the dick then gets doggy, arches that back, & handles that dick!
Please show a friend our music video for "Locked & Loaded"! We're very happy w/ how it turned out. www.youtube.com/socontagioustv
Al Davis-RIP. You gave so much to football. You made a difference. Glad to have met you.
. dear willy, I won't forget. Your time disrupting this movement is over. Move along or be dogged.
haha :) Vromans, tea party, shopping, & movie soon! with :D
Present fears are less than horrible imaginings. - William Shakespeare
thanks:) its my southern hill billy accent
When you find out, let me know. They never stop!
hope you are well- wondering if you could follow back my biz account- -tnx-eb
True compassion puts love into action.
I'm cheering for Miss California.
Kenyon Martin still in the NBA
Time to watch baseball dots. Pumped.
Here's to 5 years with my beautiful wife!
“: The human race can be divided into two groups: those who cherish Little Serow, and those who do not enjoy being alive.” heh heh
Good night FBs and Tweets!!
Win GCs from Aloha Gas, , My Sister's Closet, and more on 9/11! Don’t forget - top prize is $500!
Think it's time to call it a night💤💤 See ya tomorrow😊
Haven't seen the Rick Perry ad yet, but when I saw a still from it, I thought it was an ad for Viagra or Cialis.
RT : Follow these people or a rabid meerkat might chase you through the streets:
BIG-TIME announcement: Astrobrite live, October 20, at in Chicago. First show in 10 years. !!!!!
I had the EXACT same thought on my way in to work. Harumph.
Chocolate milk ❤
When non-Autistic people want to properly be inclusive to Autistic people, they will RADICALLY change their funding formulas
I'm starting a petition to change America's national pastime from baseball to coloring.
2½ years: Average length, from complaint to settlement, of an employment lawsuit.
you so peety...(in my kid voice) :-) I hope your day is amazing today!
argh - I was working in the back of the truck and had NO IDEA anyone had stopped by! My photographer told me about it later... fml
i am. you like NEED a dress. its crazy that you don't have ONE.
There is always room for a man of force and he makes room for many
I am petting a doggie.
The most painful goodbyes are the ones that are never said and never explained. .....---
Holy Shit! This issue of Mens Health reveals what women really want. Finally, some answers!
Producer-mode ON... For good. Time to fasten metaphorical seat-belts!..
miss you too!
16 Inch Wheels Bargain 16quot Dodge Avenger Chrome Hubcaps- chrome hubcaps
No, false alarm
Schefter reporting that PM has narrowed it down to Cards & Broncos One source told Schefter that PM is leaning toward Denver
August 27th! Details soon! Hope to see you there!
HEY NIALL :D how are you ? you know you should follow me it'll be great \^o^/
lol how are you....
The fact that a pirate ship booze cruise is in my near future makes me very happy.
#F_O_L_L_O_W she's super cool
don't get the credit he deserves
Cruise ship in the harbor, rotary meeting today. It must be Wednesday!
wakke up and do Mills hw!!!!
Sweet. Look forward to whipping even more ass than usual.
LMAO ! Where did that come from ?! It was funny tho cuz i was just on 's page when you tweeted that !
Each and every one! I knew someone would mention that - hadda be you! :)
1st day of Commit2Bfit 2011 4me; also 1st day I've been to my gym in 11 months. Only did 10 minutes on treadmill & elliptical but I feel it.
RT : Let's talk turkey: Who are the #smartgrid's biggest turkeys (and greatest pioneers)? Join the discussion....
lmao. I read that in your most pettiest tones
Bunad. I think I might need a bunad.
got 35 banners for their stores! #buylocal #supportNOLA We are so excited!
we r doin good! moving did us wonders. Feel alive again! I am tryin to get caught back up with everyone. How have u been?
thank you!
Best dressed at Golden Globes? Do tell...
#Im GAY!!!!! & I don't give a ¹²³ shits that u hate me or u some dumb homophobe. Kiss my French Dick bitch. U hater!
You turned into a pretty big waste of my time.
"Like" Brunette Grenade Retouching on Facebook for a chance to win FREE
hello angel..keep the music going
My brother is a monkey
that's a foul and the goal isn't ?!
Don't worry. It's on the playlist.
RT Tomorrow is Saint Patrick’s Day. Retweet if you’ve eaten a green fruit or vegetable today.
It's game day...hopefully today flies by
Timing is everything.
So funny. So prescient. RT : Welcome back, bubble
oh yes!! Lol.enjoying my.coffee lol
waiting patiently for you to put the link! #EXCITED ! :D <3
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"........
you still doing the breakfasts? When is the next one?
I had an awesome time at CoDance this weekend!Our soloists & duo performed beautifully & classes were outstanding as always!
Usually at this time another side of me would come out....
Girl, smutty. I can't put it down. :-)
Its sad thats she acts like this even on mothers day though :o
You need to close your mouth cuz u aint gonna tie me down!
thanks, gonna do that.
Whoop Dat Trick!!
Naked Eye is one of best songs of the 90s! Will play it for 90s at 9 one of these nights. Digging through the "archives" now
Our house on Sat morning: all adults & kids typing away on computers. (I am still working on coding transcrpts from our tutor interviews.)
Im Grace and Im the dreamer the believer.Commons album must hav thinkin music get it...
I don't have any open foster homes; we aren't pulling any new dogs right now from any shelter. MADACC is the stray hold facility.
Bday breakfast at Grey Dog Cafe near Union Square with the boss and his lady.
There are (I'm sure) gay professional male athletes. If they speak openly it It would be huge. A collective fight against the stigma.
Conducting a survey on the streets of San Diego
What is everyone up to this evening?
unreal again!!!!! Thank you x
yo thank for all the help today. Ima text u so lock me in.
Symantec Confirms 'Segment' of Source Code Was Stolen
#RT “If the money is the only motivation for you, then you can’t succeed. Put your love in the #business.”
I miss you. The old you.. The new one sucks.
#poker quote of the day: It can be argued that man’s instinct to gamble is the only reason he is still not a monkey up in the trees.
it's the heart that matters more!
What a lovely #royalwedding, complete with stunning British choral music adding beauty and solemnity to the occasion.
We can promise M.T. Anderson will be the closing keynote speaker at our virtual summit on ebooks but we can’t promise he’ll behave
soy de la cd de Méx. !
Major kudos to Brady Hoke being named Big Ten Coach of the year for - well deserved. Go Blue!
I won give me my money. You what? I lost ctfu
Not sure, yet. There's someone interested. Just trying to get the estate worked out.
What are those things? My son has found a few.
Also, <insert GM name here>: Manny Ramirez bad fit <insert team here>. RT Theo Epstein: Manny Ramirez bad fit Chicago Cubs
#Upset city
Tourney time!!
I love
Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours! :)
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 47
Now up to 10 followers! Let the onslaught of tweets begin!!!
YES! lol doing stuff drunk with friends and family is great, just watch The Hangover lol :D
Fill in the blank: The toppings that go best with Original are __________________.
If you're going to ban a book, maybe you should at least read it first?
I'm at the Angels game and going to rush home to watch the Kings as well!
aha! I always wondered why some people prefer chopped. I dislike chopped.
regardless of the storyline, how is that even possible of not knowing this event overall. It's a general topic. I'm just at a loss
If Noels and shabbaz did what was best for them and a NBA future they would choose Kentucky
very good suggestion!
idk it say "the content owner has not made this video available for mobile" or something like that -_-
....and if we could put the crossover dress gently to sleep, I'd like that too.
First day of my big girl job tomorrow. Feels like the night before the first day of school. Butterflies!! So excited and nervous!
Depending on whose idea keeping Inge around in Spring Training was Leyland may deserve it. Who hates Raburn?
Still time this evening for VIP night at the Scholars Inn--buy one/get one free on all appetizers every Tuesday!
Wanna win a 51' tv from Paul's tv? Text "TUNE" to 25543 right now
Does anybody know if it's illegal to send somebody a text calling them a cunt? Say for example your boss? Or is it just frowned upon?
I had 6 iPods donated. 1 broken, 3 stolen, 2 left I'm afraid to use. Stolen when I was out of room & it was locked when I left..
OK #ParksandRec is my fave show on #TV right now
Two girls wear the same shirt, "She copied my style..." Two guys wear the same shirt... "BROTHER!"
7 tonight is when it opens, but I can take it until Wednesday. It's on Blackbaord. Wanna get lunch today?
Almost everyone of my teachers today has said something about 4/20.😄
That is just not right!! Lol
Tell me all your secrets.
thank you for the retweet sister!
Mr. Scott is the best teacher. 
Simply watching someone pull a cotton ball apart gives me uncontrol
No one can change a person, but someone can be a person's reason to change. - Spongebob
uncheck local name resolution when creating a new domain name.
Day 19 on the platform, beautiful weather. Saw 2 whales so far and even got to see some tail. :-)
Show This Afternoon. 😓😖
tough to see on the other bench, but I like what I saw in the 1st game of the new look Could it be...
Saw ya in airport security this morning. Woulda said hi but didn't want to interfere with the TSA's full beard inspection.
ok lil wannabe thug
Check our BABDomains.com recently launched by Big Apple Brits - Cheapest Domain Name Registration, Web Hosting, Marketing & more http:// ...
RT : Can anyone recommend some kind of a Mac Mini equivalent with a killer GPU? // Tweet it if you find it
At the WilCo health department picking up a food permit. It's decorated with framed artistic b&w photos of people washing their hands.
Awesome movie!
Artisinal pizza: Long Island's best: Explore LI > Restaurants Print Aa Artisinal pizza: Long Island's best Be the first to rate: 0 Cl...
lol I know man I gotta do better huh ;)
Check it out at amazon.com
Oops, that took longer than expected.
Who's awake?
Love it, RIP BIggie
Do it, Jen. Live tweet your meltdown!
Anytime you try to prove something to someone the music isn't honest
We are so happy Mr. Red will be in the parade!
they certainly are !
Thanks! Super stoked!
thank you
Press gagged at &#39;new media&#39; seminar
A 4 p.m. fire alarm and 15 beautiful minutes outside is going to make the last half hour of today seem longer, isn't it?
I'm here
Should I be concerned that my old high school now teaches a "survival skills" course?
61 years ago today #Yankees Rookie Mickey Mantle hits his 1st home run
I need food! Who wants to get sushi?
At this point, you have absolutely no right to comment on ANYTHING I do. So stop.
Tonight Show with Glass Clovers has been rescheduled for Thursday, December 30th. All tickets will be honored for new date!
Resources from coast to coast. offering #smallbiz tips to #Pgh on #SmallBizPgh. Tomorrow at 7 PM EDT.
#Honestyhour Sometimes we can't pay our homes for reasons out of our control, so we should call Renny plus Seve and get help!
Serafin is the man!!
I wish I had a girl who'd watch these games with me, Sportscenter with me, and root against my team during the Superbowl and NBA finals lol
Although lemons are typically thought of as acidic, they are alkaline-forming when ingested in the body.
I think that is the fear of the MPAA...shows the root of bullying is the traditional/conservative ideals.
bout to enjoy my family time
well it's still technically morning at that time. what would you prefer, good day? lol
Wish I had gas to go! I so would
I tend to impress people with my card-making skills. Absolutely priceless for family
Where can I get the best deal on a flight between san Diego and las Vegas?
RT : Every day of your life is preparation for the next - what seeds are you sowing today?
Remembering those who gave the ultimate sacrifice for our country. Thank you.
THIS! RT : Wearing white for
It's SAM! Claire hasn't been on this in ages. I miss her :(
were watching the astronaut movie
We were voted Best of the Knot this year. We are so excited and proud of our staff.
Trying to figure out what to get my mom for mothers day w/ little money I have. lol
Still can't get over with my hair.......
You only live once!!!!
sometimes my job is excellent.
Covergeist preproduction for One More Night @ Cherry Sound Studios... guitar sounds !!! also thanks to Music Vibe for the interview
Starting the new year by writing some music...
you will! i am wearing them all next week. im going to try to play basketball in them for awhile lol
no im anica.,corbin is on later ..
So far Foursquare really wants me to go to a restaurant… hmm...
“: About to say Errrrrrrrrry I love this !”
Not a very busy one. Going to an acting seminar on Sunday. And u?
#FoxSportsNetwork seems to favor Iowa rather than the east coast. #MajorFailure College football is not their strength.
One night your gonna lay in bed, and think of me, and wish that things can be the way they used to be </3
I've graduated to the Hot & Spicy favors of ramen. I think that means I'm finally a man.
Sorry had me sittin on your lap hah! Pray for him!
you have a number of huge fans in our office. Could we possibly get an autographed photo of you?
It's a wise woman who knows when step away. As a failed blogger, I get how a part of you dies a little w/each sub-par posting. 1/2
that just made me lol on the LIRR
KIM's challenge looks incredibly difficult.
Had Mc D's Again!
#whydidiagree to coach goalkeeping (OUTDOORS!) in the middle of February????
Except more charges bc eople are hanging on to a miserable job because it's a job. Once they find a new job, expect the charge.
How goes it? What is the best place to get beer in Baltimore?
Sen. Daniel squadron calls ny's campaign financing system "the wild west."
God please give me a little help...
Fucking Alice in Wonderland.
RT : You love You speak Spanish. is the most exciting thing to happen to you today. cc:
Now Syracuse? What is this world turning into?
If you have not been to Rasselas on Fillmore Street on a Thursday night you are missing a great hang!
Del Walters - WTH are you doing? This is a farcical display of power and a breach of democracy - let legislation be passed.
listening to demi lovatto love you
Not feeling well....
Hey tweeps...would you follow ? This charity was organized by one of our own therapists and is a great benefit 5K!
Anyone else play little empire?
I'VE GOT THE MOVES LIKE JAGGER. lol jk, i dance like a retarded penguin.
like you get a coin magnet and triple value coins and speed boosts! Go to the store on the main menu page!
man I could have used a 45 min Easter mass today with the way my kids were acting.
How did your last show go? And a thought - add #Actress to your Twitter profile!
go get em tiger. Im starting my gym thurs.
5 months of thinking about it and I think I finally have the official question for my senior thesis! The thesis of my thesis?
haha oh that's perfect. An then we'll live happily ever after :)
the horror...
thanks for the follow!!
I'm so tired , I've been up since 8 this morning w/ my mom .
Not going to the Weeknd because I want to stay convinced that band only exists on the internet.
whatever you say davis.
The heat loseing this game
I love heart to heart to talks 😊
I total agree. So yummy
So I'm still laying in my room waiting to go into surgery, but I'm getting hungry because I haven't eaten since midnight. Grrr
Hmm. Was expecting MARC formatting to be harder. Perhaps am cataloging genius?? Hurrah!
Ki-Jana used "moxie" referring to a non-McGloin. He could be expelled from the stadium for that.
moms talking that shit this morning so I'm just riding around smoking
Nothing set in stone yet, but I might be in Brooklyn on april 28-30.
its the freedom from caring.
Dont get me wrong Harrington is doing a good job, but it seems lost at times allowing the opposition opportunity
Wifi I missed you
Started 2day...#lovinit already!! 2 the other job after this and then goin 2 c paranormal 3 2night...can't wait!!
If it's for Quig's class I'll take it
I wish the weird girl that sits next to me in class would stop staring at me
I'm done but i have one next period
hello yourself
Cous cous, the food so nice they named it twice
ha! i saw this!! she's so happy she cries...love it!
Shots shots shots!
Call to a cocktail conversation!! What do you consider to be a #classic #cocktail???? Or even your favorite #cocktail???
sorry Marcus :( I know you're disappointed but it is what it is.
Follow These Tips To Become Successful At Online Marketing ...
Ha i know! Now he's acting all pathetic cause he finally found me :p
I messed up 3 of my nails on the way to an audition. Not having high hopes that I'll book this one.
"A song ain't nothin' in the world but a story just wrote with music to it"...Hank Williams Love the simplicity in that statement:)
i guess not everybody's as tough as beaver athletes...
I'm winning all 9 skins tonight mate. Haha #WhereIsSean he's gone walkabout
Jesus sacrificed his life for us, so we in turn should sacrifice our life for him! #amen! :D
I do care and believe what Kony is doing is wrong...but i'm just not gonna support it.haha
I do love a coke from time to time. : ) They were great tips-especially about the PH balance.
Looking for just one more theatre gig to fill up my 2010-11 Season Calendar. Any directors/dramaturgs looking for a FREE awesome assistant?
Sorry... following along now from my jail acct... apparently I've tweeted too damn much.
Nice to have a fellow Kansas Citian in AAPT with me.. You should email me at
Is it to early to smack a bitch?
Latest in the #lupus saga of me: #papilledema. Neuro-opthamologist on Monday.
lololol. i just remembered our kesha youtube video
The highest destiny of the individual is to serve rather than to rule.
I'm jealous too :)
big Fan of Nas
I'm not ashamed of being a System of a Down fan.
#thegaylife gotta love it(:
Catching mom up on #Dexter Were so
Wieseltier and Goldstein engaging one another as part of discussion of Spinoza's tolerance. Twitter can't contain this. Amazing.
My wife has a good point: Florida law that says no duty to retreat is not the same as a right to persue and confront.
Is it ok to have NATE contact you? Break that single music director
Headed up to the mythical land of "SoCal." I hope they like me, those socalifornians! My northern Tijuana ways can be so strange.
Ah, thanks for the references
I'm much more willing to entertain a book suggestion than I am a movie suggestion.
When people are really paranoid when they're high. >>>> LMAO.
I'm done denying Christ in my life, all things are created through him!
..that moment when what should be a simple show, has now turned into a fulltime 24/7 job.
oh those are the best. Love making those.
RT : Growth and comfort do not coexist. -- Ginny Rometty, IBM CEO. She's so right!!
go get em!!
Psalm 138:6 Though the LORD is exalted, he looks kindly on the lowly; though lofty, he sees them from afar.
RT : Today was my last day interning for ! thank you for everything!
Even when I sit next to her, all I smell is a bitch.
Keynote Speaker Donald Snider VP of Urban Economic Development from the MEDC calling all business owners..startups & existing 5/18 10am
Eh? And don't you hate Naruto?
Enjoy prom today , and send me pictures
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at HOOLIGAN'S (in Live Oak)
may I ask what it is regarding please?
man i'm missing West Virginia :( they have various inches of snow right now but here in Northern Virginia it's just cold, wet rain :( *sigh*
Yes, I saw that already! Looks great!! Thanks for sending it!
There ain't no women alive that can take my momma's place.
did not expect the discussion on jeans to be so useful! appreciated the convo on young professional wardrobes
If this … Negligence, Z-man was aggressor, in-sighted incident, even if he got his but kicked, could lose affirmative defense self-defense
thanks for the RTs and mentions
Bwahaha! Are you serious?! You want it that bad? Oh dear. I better get to writing...
It was great to meet you, too! Have fun teaching the noobie NP's today.
I've never been happier!!
plz come over there's wine n vodka. k :)
Photos coming soon from Uni in Brooklyn. First, a drive to Cambridge MA. Good night Brooklyn.
Only another half hour until the #ZocaloJob chat!
THANKS for the shout-out on #FF! :)
GET TAN TODAY! *Specials* Buy 5 UV Tans and get 2 Free! Purchase ANY bottle of LOTION over $50 and get 2 FREE HT60 Tans! Visit a salon today
Women don't write plot.
yup yup! Underneath the covers?
my roommate was there in November and had a great time. That being said, her family is from Burma so she had 'tourguides'
Awe, wonder and veneration are evoked by the magic of true beauty. -- S.H.Sharpe
What's the new tat gonna be?
Happy Valentine's Day! Did you know the first recorded mention of VDay was by Geoffrey Chaucer in Parlement of Foules in 1382?
SOUTH STATION <3
the next time you do ur church announcements let "jesus is the answer for the world today" be ur come in song!!
Come show love for Dante in the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!
Big swinging leg kick on Aoki's swing
(DC national committee woman) speaking now. Referencing her background with Reagan,the business community,values and Latinos.
not officially together, but eventually will be.
Bumpin to Trina Single Again, y the right song always seems to come on at the right time :-)
Great win for the Ravens! Good way to go into the bye week.
Lol laid upside down on off my bed a little bit to long and my nose started bleeding..thats a first
How Is there even a DEBATE as to whether is a 1st Ballot Hall Of Famer?! Kj is PURE CLASS PERSONIFIED! & a True LEGEND!!
:O what whyy
Nice chatting with you today - you have a great little family; If you ever need anything, please feel free to reach out to me.
This Saturday night I'll be in a swimsuit competition in North Miami!!! Come out and support!!
hope it was edible ;)
It's like a combo of being jealous that one of you is hanging out with the other. I like you both so much, I can't pick.
Play in our $150 qualifier today @ 1p and get one step closer to being a WSOP bracelet champion!
What about the Strokes???
Think I'm complaining, keep it moving! Im not mean just cuz I speak my mind!
I need new followers on instagram : 94z28nos
i didnt have dinner yet cuz i just got home from my bball game!(: we won! RT cuz u love bball??(:
just catching up on many conversations... So sorry for your loss. Sending love from my family to yours.
Jesus is coming! Look Busy.
Thanks! Its research for my next novel. The only problem? I'll have to act scholarly. I need to grow a beard and furrow my brow.
Thats awfully nice of them to let baseball have 34 games. i remember when Aggie baseball had EVERY game on the radio.
It's crazy how I'm zipping through the songs on my iPod and when I come across a 1D song I just can't skip it.... #onedirection <3
Let's hear from you, Morehouse alums! After you make your gift today, send a Tweet and let the world know!
OchoCinco/Shaq and other wealthy ppl drive them to show off their wealth
You're Flyers fans?!!!
and saving my day right now with this track #BeBraveGoOn Get that album!
so you're going??
OMG. Catfight on the #cnndebate Perry asked question about uninsured kids in TX and he attacks Romney on immigration!! Clowns!!
Let's see where this path takes us tonight?
- Julia/Schmoolia.What about me? Is this a new war on men?
who knows, maybe we are turning into a couple of curmudgeons. =)>
gahhhh we JUST ported!!! I cant wait to jump into your arms!!!!!!!!
I'll Sniff u right Out them Panties.
That's right, JZ! Happy Friday :)
hey....austin destroyed your score on Scoops....:/
EA is especially bad for that. Just let me play NHL 12, guys!
In maths , its soo boring , I need ma bed ....
To in Boone and with in Chapel Hill-Weekend Warriors!
Couldn't ask for a better group of guys to go out with. This is my family forever
EDC_Dallas2012, thanks for following us on Twitter!
every1 go follow for a follow back
Aye Laker fans. Ready to take another L tonight????:
Thank you! RT : Thanks for the follow! Best of luck with Troilus and Cressida. :)
Watching tough enough from last year still think Andy was the wrong choice which explains why he got released
no too soon
I'm scared of going back....scared to move forward.
I would like to reccomend Nicholas:The Fantastic Origin of Santa Claus by
I just wanna see you :(
don't be shocked that the chick u met off of twitter ain't shit like she presented herself to be while she is online.
#happybossday to you! You are running the show ! #TRYINGTOTWEET!
A man does not run through a wall because of who you are but for whom you stand
Play and failure can be the same. Like!
I hate when a girl tell me how she feel at the end of the year..
Do you cut your own? I'd tried, but it looked terrible. And I rocked it. Ha ha ha
About to see True Grit at the cutest little theater in the Latin Quarter: the Grand Action. So excited.
Someone told me today that I would have been perfect for the role of Lord Grantham
hacking this lil ugly girl twitter
ULL will look to defend its SBC Tournament title and record the fifth conference championship in a row for the Cajuns.
yes for those of us that happen to be gingers Haha
Today at noon is our last #sxsw show. SteadyBoy Records showcase at G&S Lounge.
tish!!!! Yo, while I got you, I'm at the car dealership. Can you DM me your address? I need references!!!! Lol
Does anyone have guidelines on installing Android onto HP webOS tablets?
Study: Hispanics With Diabetes Urged to Get Yearly Foot Care. Hispanics are 66% more likely than whites to have
Morning coffee with a twist of hot chocolate and French vanilla.
Ok thanks,I thought it may be Chicago but the cop didnt have the accent
LOL “: Hey guys, I’m starting a cool new hashtag: #tweetmeyoursocialsecuritynumber”
all is well on this sunny thurs... U?
What a beautiful New Mexican day!
you freak
I can live with that =) So excited!
Retweeting is what I do. c:
R. Kelly put a lot of thought into all these chapters. Lmbo!
IM GOOD
ha RT : fuck em both... Bong and / or bowl my G
Man, United Airlines' website is like freaking Godaddy with the upsells.
RT 2 me 2 Carmen. Stopped me in my tracks. did a great report on stigma. This brought it home again.
I wouldn't mind seeing Yann Tiersen at First Ave on Saturday!
I love the convenience of the changing table, it's the perfect height. What am I ever going to do now that Ella is getting to big! Advice?
Thank you. We greatly appreciate it.
The Internet is one of our most valuable tools. Use it to the MAXIMUM. Let's get this movement going VIRAL!!!!!
I'm kinda excited to work all weekend.
is A Legend <3
Good idea. Thanks for the response!
did you design that case?
follow me <3 i love your tweets (;
We are now starting our 1st Annual Public Policy Forum. We are ready to serve as the one, unified voice for our community's children.
I'm in the middle of #2..so good. The Districts start to rebel and the Capitol is punishing them.
Great American Ball Park. I forgot that you're not cool enough to know the acronym.
Can I get a follow please?
FRIENDS.... The older you get, the less you need!
that's a good place to be at!
I have no time for BULLSHITERS & NON-TALENTED SPITTERS!! :P
#WFUD12 Joe Torres: most journalists have no idea how much they are using fair use themselves.
Looking for that special toy for sombody? Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com for the best selection and the best prices!
I think having handy dads ruined us in this area. I am offended at the idea a coffee table would cost more than $30
#ubuntu+1 irc channel people are nice even to people who really should eat shit and die
indeed :D
Wow, it's July! Where did the first half of 2011 go?!?
i hear ya,, I so need one too. I am glad to hear u r doing so well. take lots of pics for me plz! Have a blast!
LUCKY YOU!! YOUR LIVING LIFE TO THE FULLEST!!
OH MY GOSH. matching sweaters for the win right there<33
Wats that App yu be using to download mixtapes
I wonder how long it would take a giraffe to throw up.
hm, that sounds legit as hell! when u want me to come?!?!
Great book club discussion of The Paris Wife tonight. Next up: Little Bee by And yes, I'm in 3 (count 'em) 3 book clubs.
Great thanks to the Denver Sports media -- great coverage of the NFL Draft. Now get some sleep!
Are you currently HP P4000 certified? Would you like to be?
that's so sad. I miss it:( and going through her closet getting all those skirts and dresses and high heels playin dress up.
#Nobutreally how do middle schoolers acquire more relationships in one year than I've had in my whole life
I need more followers who wants to help me:)
Good Morning Thanks for following Newark Twinning. Watch out for proms news soon.
authorities confirmed that radiation had leaked from a quake-hit nuclear plant after an explosion destroyed a building housing a reactor.
Looks like Ill be helping this lady with her carry on of 12 cream puffs, as she sat next to me. Either that or I hand her a biz card?
cats c: omg i drank 15 monsters today XD
No i won't
I love your Boo Babbles good for you, i always have u in my prayers my irsh bud
you're flawless
“: "Day off?" What's that?” lol! EXACTLY!! Never enough time or money!
Accept what you can't change, change what you can't accept.
Huntsman has dropped out of the race, but apparently future Mormon presidents can swear him into office after he dies...
shutup dats why you a moose
Brown and Lewis' faces.
how's that wind treating you?
I guess the feeling isn't there , checking you out !
are you sorry, Kels? Really?
Treat every person with whom you come in contact with as the most important person in the world
lol Oh well I don't watch basketball but hey Kobe is a beast i guess lol
Family members losing their brain - I mean #cellphone Can one function without ?!? #whattodo?
i must have missed it. Maybs if we had listened to B.O.B you wouldn't have gotten pulled over!
Happy Valentines Day!! I <3 President Obama!! Click LIKE if you agree!!
It is official. My job has made me stupid.
Hope not, but honest is most important. :) Thanks, btw!
You know what today needs? Today needs the new Lauren Willig book, so it better be at the 5th Ave. B&N when I get there tonight.
shower curtains bath mats rugs
Steve Carell's last episode on The Office is such a tear jerker.
I aim to please!
Leaving Maine and had the luck of the Irish with me..Think I'll play the lottery for the hell of it Thank U Nana Sullivan, how I miss u so.
"The Muppets" Is a Marvelous Return to Form As Hollywood’s bottomless recycling bin continues along the dark path of rebooting, rel
omg, I SAW THE BOYFRIEND VIDEO! <3
I can drive by myself!! Yay.
BEAT L.A.
Ben Sheets
Dear Syracuse: It is too hot. Please fix. Thanks. Love, Suzy.
Thank you for being our 4,000th Follower! :)
happy passover, good friday and happy earth day... o:)
Yamely wants to be black...... k
I always appreciate a Monday Mention! :-)
Religious situation in Kazakhstan is in pre-crisis state: IPS - Tengrinews
"Helen Keller was a communist."
or "is Your two-year old smarter than Mitt?"
Thanks so much for the well wishes! And thanks for sharing the internship info. We'll pass it along.
Yes! Wife surprised me with an iPhone to replace that incredibly frustrating Samsung Gem
I got accepted into college James!!!! it would be great if you replied
How do you fuel for games? Reply or RT with your favorite pre-game meals or snacks
Got our songs ready for tonight! Me and our ready for our duets together! This is gonna be fun!
Pool side
Okay there has got to be somethin to do in paragould today
Wishing you a sweet and sublime solstice!!!!
just checked my ship date and it got bumped up to April 2nd, could be magical timing
Countdown: 11 days,14 hrs to Battle of Atlanta 43; nominate your instructor(s)for Officials Hall of Fame; www.battleofatlanta.info
#Tweegram guess what?? I love you
LOL I'd rather you tweet it to the Buffet or answer on FB or even anonymously on the website. But I'll accept if you must
Dude, save some for me. I'll be there Friday night.
#Imagine Zayn texting you:''I really just wanna hold you in my arms and kiss you. I hate the distance! :("
I know he's my man it's all in my hands,it feels good when he call my name don't you wish you had the same?
So stoked for the iPad 2S unveiling on March 7th!
what's inspired such a radical change?
Thanks for the follow back! :)
cool. pilar ust turned 14 in january, and i am turning 14 in august. you?
We're glad you loved it!
#PennState is handling this situation horribly. They shouldn't have cancelled JoePa's press conference. Silence is not golden.
Tonight = 1st chance to dig into /'s #gmtb3 play (that I'm directing). Exciting challenges ahead.
Follow me on instagram @ ImSoConceited Come I Will Shout Ya Out! !!
thanks! support the troops
(it's too bad some ppl w/ substantive religious conviction cant see Tree for the magisterial work of religious art that it is.)
that's not healthy to lie .... its unhealthy for the.mind
Council caucus. Meeting with county reps to discuss re-entry programs. Jobs and voting.
Ditto! Still driving to the same soundtrack too...
Who saw Obama speak today? How was it?
he doesn't follow me so no I can't
so if you trying to date me , you gotta leave yo city .. and enjoy life !
Picture time!! Doing a shoot with one of absolute favorites!
Got that Gambino jumping out the gym
+1 RT : So great to see and have drinks with awesome Web journos! Yay for
DID SOMEBODY SAY ONE DIRECTION ON TV? excuse me...
Jim Solomon of The Fireplace restaurant is here at #LIGFest - stop by for lunch or dinner!
What a weekend...but i wont curse my past so im ready for the shift...
I love how the Bruins won it all
Watchin Saturday Night Fever! :)
Thx!! your book gave me a sense of hope...i know i keep repeating myself, but your book changed my outlook on MS research..
My favorite Beyoncé albums: 4 > I Am...Sasha Fierce = B'Day > Dangerously In Love
Weird, I just had a spammer not the same name, but close follow me like 3 hours ago. New spam technique?!?
A) Popcorn
Great talk yesterday! Unfortunately, it made me rethink much in my own work on reading & the body. Eek.
since is taking requests i would want to see a canadian destroyer into a sharpshooter. Call me old fashion
Her pony tail hurting...lbvs
Maybe I took a vacation day from work to watch the Manchester Derby Monday. #IJS, don't judge me, okay? #amped ⚽
You can now shop directly from our page on Facebook! Like us there, too :-)
it was on the radio, lol
well That's extremely exciting!
*sigh* g2g. tweet ya in a few hrs....
runs faster
TSA agents never offer happy endings :(
Thanks for the kind tweet, ! It was cool seeing you last night too!
Great night at Bar Louie Water, headed towards a big day for Basketball tomorrow! Join us all day, Marquette, Wisconsin and USA in the WBC
lol okay so TONIGHT. What time & where, my pets?
JPG--"American society is a winner-takes-all society". To succeed, you need massive practice, passion, persistence.
If that was just one episode of glee I dont think I can take the next.
You put the idea I have been struggling with into words. I want to teach w/ integrity... fidelity to ideal, not system.
Welcome to our new Twitter page! Here at Sierra Fitness we're ready to connect with you online. Fitness programs, latest classes. Let's go!
I counted said it 100 times RT : Count on how any times has said "Cavs' ball!" this game: 3.
There is nothing like waking up with God and communing with Him
Not sure. You heading to DC anytime soon?
Check out Trinity's Local Community Magazine...www.ItsYourHomeTrinity.com.
Are brains have been updated
Ah - recertified for SPHR one more time!
What might make less suited for a collaborative vs. individual project?
Especially the main guy ;);) lol
Among the many reasons to visit Food and Drinks 2.Cozy Fireplaces 3.Ross
Time and Gems Plans Their Annual T&G Wholesale Event
"We softened 'em up with machetes." -
Great fight tonight Bigg Rigg! Congrats! Thrilled we could support you! “: Thank u guys for all the support”
I really don't like my life at the moment.
Missed going to #galas . Anyone going here tonight- #SchiapperelliandPrada ://www.metmuseum.org/impossibleconversations/
COME TO THE TA/RA UNION TOWN HALL MEETING! you will love it! unions are awesome!
things that make me go hm!
thank u! and i wish u a good day also!
Walked passed 2 guys sitting in a car with the dance version of the cotton eyed joe song CRANKED. Nothing weird about that....
I love you too. Old drumline shiiit.
He is a great teacher and will be missed I am sure. Not to mention he was the sharpest dressed teacher I ever had!
Haha, I forgot about that. Good times!
Sad day. My mother has passed but she is now where she has wanted to. No more pain!!!
“: The NCAA is now working with select reporters to attack certain programs. New territory for NCAA. Disturbing.”anti cal? Smh
what time?
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your take on the bean ballet.
i had to get to a coffee this morning quicker than katniss everdeen had to get to a bow in the hunger games. its survival y'all!!
UGG i Tried to get some sleep no way my mind wont shut down, I'm getting some mojo and getting a early start today. www.eeewebmarket.com
Yaaaaaay!!! My life size poster of Tony Danza came in!!!!!!
Best guess..Steak and Ale?
Rainy Sunday morning #relaxing I love the weekend
Thanks for sharing! :)
ur birthday was fabulous :)
ADVICE: - If you were thinking about someone while reading this, you're definitely in Love.
Thanks for the follow, MOB! Come see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue and Langen Neubacher at the new Plush!
Bella is so lucky that she gets to go to all these places.
killer good customer service from vishal - thanks!!
Looking to order a new gaming desktop in the next few days, but I'm not 100% sure where from. Shooting for ~$1,500. Suggestions?
You should always follow your heart .
Got memorabilia to be autographed by DDP, Booker T, Luger, DiBiase, Raven+more? www.promolastevents.com/mail-order
Sometimes you cannot believe what you see. You have to believe what you feel. ~Morrie Schwartz via
denied Delofted media credentials to US Open, b/c we don't cover enough golf news. How old fashioned! Get with the next gen!
yes, I am kidding. I know who she is.
How about some Power Yoga tomorrow 7:00 Life Yoga on Magazine?
Minimal- at least 2x a year. Can do every month. You should try one! RT : how often should you do a cleanse
who's going to zumba forsure? I'm going no matter what.
Apologies delayed on the Late night happy hour Crazy here. $3.50 skyy O bombs, $5 Tall Absolut cocktails & $5 grape n stoli o lemonade tall
yea me n Jake have a secret cuddle place.He meets me there when ur sleeping
Jeez Mariners.
it is so funny
En route to an epic dance party with Girl Talk!!
Omg me and have the same birthday. Happy birthday Ms. Luckett!
Nice scoop at first by whatshisface.
In the hope to meet Shortly again, and make our absence sweet. ~ Ben Jonson
haha. Honestly can they just move to NY?
hell yeah an Arnold Palmer
Man so glad the saints lost....not a team i hate more.....plus all their bandwagon fans
*Sigh* Trying to resist a temptation...
SUCH A GREAT NIGHTT!!!! so much fun<3
We’re entering an era of true “imagineering” in digital marketing that finally combines art and science.
#Metro Circulator shuts door on little girl in Georgetown. slow down everyone!
Waiting on my girl to finish cooking these steaks is making me feel impatient.
too excited to sleep in! Gonna go watch you on tv. Xo
awe man I was hoping it be the other way around haha jk :b but that sounds like a great plan, I don't think they charge to
You know it's bad when this account had to be created.
Nap time!
you're evil!
Become high off life. Move and do something. Go crazy and krunk. Get your weight up. #Get KRANKD!
Tashia & Lakeytha were the only non lightskin black girls ive kinda liked
hey guys. Ha sub teacher huh?
"Honey Badger Don't Care." Well worth the view on YouTube.
Totally bombed my bio eoc hahaha, so did the entire class.
I can't wait for #UFC142 ! Bring the belt home!
Why thanks so much for the follow
thanks Matt! We love that your blog is back up and running. Makes researching for PDiN that much easier!
On bankhead highway if u need studio time. Mix game crazy. U already know
m, grilled cheese would be amazing
My tummy was barely showing and some bitch told me to put me shirt down..bitch please..
I feel bad when i dont tweet at least once a day... :) cant wait for the new album! <3 ~18days<3x~
I am sick see u tomorrow
so can John Travolta
SWA does fly to Manchester, NH...which is close
you have 1 follower bt u use words like 'morning world' n 'good mornin y'all' ai shem SMH.
Like a good neighbor state farm is there with
It's Friday, almost done with work, hair is a hot mess and I need a cocktail. Happy Almost Weekend!
More love from SC! ACCENTS BY CAROL 7751-C N. KINGS HWY MYRTLE BEACH SC 29572
PACKERS - Green Bays Charles Woodson to attend POLITICO's "Special Celebrity Edition" WHCD Kickoff at the Newseum Friday 8am
RT How different would our lives be if we prayed SunStandStill Prayers daily? Truly believe God 4 the IMPOSSIBLE
Say hi to santa for me
Its 11:11 and I'm eating soup!!
If doing it is wrong, I don't wana be right
Big Thanks to Hamilton Middle School for the great time today! We hope to see you guys again!
Our metaphysical consultant says that waffles are the penultimate energy clearing vessel, second only to crystals, duh.
. on ROI: "There's a return on investment & a return on ignoring."
We've got to be innovative during this challenging times. Innovative solutions to meet the bigger needs of our users.
MSNBC: Rev. Al: What you just said!
im going to slap you so hard tomorrow!
#FF to our new design followers, looking forward to tweeting with you! , , , ,
Doctors say Giffords was shot in the head; bullet traveled straight through her brain. Giffords is out of surgery
Our Practicum and Career Services office just moved back upstairs in the admin area. Come by and say hello!
I think #spurs might be a better squad without Modric. There, I said it.
Personally I liked the little sponge cakes with jam, but I remember others lunging for the faux Twinkies. :)
Madden live
Momentum shift in Omaha. Timeout couldnt have come at a better time for Trob.
Thanks for RT, Preston!!
Ditto! RT Way past my bedtime but a great night! More fun in a few hrs at
yea thats why we got Obama
Kobe It's Lebron & Kevin Durant Time To Shine You Had Yo Years!
At the MIA airport catching a preview of 's upcoming Silicon Valley special on CNN. Way to go Wayne and crew!
Hey, Jen! I noticed a few of your tweets about Pinterest analytics. Would love to chat w/ you about
It's a day of stabbiness. The readers may not be overwhelmed but the writers are...
I got #3WordsForYou .. I LOVE YOU <3
first day of video editing classes start today! What're you up to today?
Hahahaha look it up on YouTube for the fresh prince
Make sure you read each one that's in each box.
Ah... I missed the "co-worker" part! And the meth, too... now I get it! So sad, especially for kids... they never understand.
I was just thinking about re-reading that. I know it will have profound affect on my this time around too. Thx
see what happens if somebody hits her, I guarantee you won't ever talk to me again if they hit her
#mmauncensored Your show SUCKS!
your welcome c:
Good Morning! Back in town?
Maybe tomorrow...i'm giving up tonight. RT : wanna chat? You have my number don't you? I'd be happy to help....
Miggy just got thrown out on purpose there so that Delmon Young did not have to end two consecutive innings. He was helping the confidence
So this evaluation is about to make Courtney look too poor
Looking for my phone when its been in my hand the whole time
Thanks, I'll do my best!
We need a Google Translate app for this! : Could really use a book called SAS for Stata Users; anyone care to write one?
Keep the updates comin'! RT : Ohio highway signs: in need of kerning
I had one customer at the quilt shop today. In all seven hours! They bought 1 yard of fabric. But I sewed a ton!
only $45/month when you sign up for a year!
If you are reading this, you are the resistance.
It's warm out, but I'm ready to go out & sweep my driveway in my Kopitar jersey if they win!
Someone just won $100 in their empanada... Might or might not have more of that to come.
Alfred North Whitehead~ Art is the imposing of a pattern on experience and our aesthetic enjoyment is recognition of the pattern.
I'm on at 8pm at the Airliner tonight. So excited for this one!
Hearing one of your friends cry<<<
Sandieija, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Thank you, dear :) That was just what I needed. Assurance.
Just reviwed the articles in this month's ASHA journals on the commute home!
yes by my best friends as a joke and other times by sluts <3
"Having a dream is what keeps you alive. Overcoming the challenges make life worth living." - Mary Tyler Moore
I'm giving you the benefit of the doubt.. Please don't make me regret it.
Tell the panda where you want to get crazy so we can put your favorite venues on our site. Drink for charity with QRazy Panda.
NO. Don't Vote Off Juliet. She's My Favorite. :'(
Would you say people who drive dumb cars look smart?
If ya can't beat it join it!
., so I sent you an email outlining my concerns. You sent me a survey asking "how did we do?" Clueless.
Thank you. I don't think journalists as a class are anti-academic, but somehow journalism as its own monster seems to be.
so I guess I tried... your loss
Is there an "h" in jorts? Jhorts? Jean + shorts = ??
Don't know why Gardy's getting so worked up over the fan interference call when the next hitter will probably hit it out anyway.
I'm clearly more knowledgable than u, let's take a survey of fans to see who actually thinks Gonzo's a potential top 10 WR
I just got some of Yadier Molina's spit on me.
Tea masala, emergenC n Thera flu is my remedy
DON'T KNO WHERE THAT "V" CAME FROM....
Makes sense in your line of work. Come in for a free consultation! We'll put the vertebrae back where it belongs.
do you miss Colorado?
So apparently we're in south riding.. Keh
great! Send info to: :) TY!
go ahead party this weekend girl with your gfs, your ganna get fucked or just drunk and the cycle will continue
Yuh only live once that's the motto YOLO
:/ where do you live?
This is my own, private domicile and I will not be harassed.....BITCH
Then speak up! RT “: Writing, publishing content for lawyers feels like antithesis of #SocialMedia #LMA12”
like yinka dare went to George Washington? Why I know that I have no idea.
getting new mascara >>>>>
stop nigga im tryna go to sleep ... but u keep saying stuff that makes me laugh ... SHIT!
Acupuncture has an auto-regulatory effect on many of the body's systems. It balances the nervous system, and calms the emotions and the mind
yeah Ima go but thats in two weeks
Girls: "All guys are the same!" Who asked you to try them all, hoe?
Great! Tons of digital/virtual arch presentations/discussions. Wish you could have made it.
New female tank designs! Who's excited to see them?
*crying from laughter* let's just invite it to get drunk one night, first one to get in its pants wins a sack from the other
what does everyone think of the name penelope for a kitten??
Hurrah! is volunteering for our Gathering Waters Fest on June 12th! Come and see her at the Fest!
Damn right i got it !
unbelievable filth in
But we're still chatting on #twitter. lol. RT : +1 RT : Definitely best as a team...
I guess you didn't watch in 2008 with Tina Fey as Sarah Palin. Or Will Ferrel as George Bush.
A nice team win in Texas & a great performance by Mo Almond & Kenny Hayes with an injury-shortened bench! On to Austin Friday & Saturday...
Not forgotten! When the website launches, that will be there as well. Word.
I'm sorry, but I'm kinda judging you for having bottled water for breakfast.
Who do I have to sleep with to get you to follow me?! (I hope it's you. GOD, I hope it's you...)
Alright! You convinced me... tis the season to ROCK! :o)
Seriously? Strangely (depressingly), I'm in the mood for fast food fried chicken. How did that happen?
just saw the show for the first time. Probably my new favorite show. youre pretty easy on the eyes too.
We got this
awesome!! I hope you guys enjoyed it!
Remind me again. Why does hair grow in armpits? (not in the mood to ponder life, love, death, taxes, or cancer.) Arizona desert: I need you!
I have a hankering for pudding wine and meat water...
So fucking happy I could die now.
It's gonna be a long, productive night with , , and
i was gonna send u one but i didint know wht to say soo idk.!!! So CONFUSED.!! :(
We only lose things cuz it make u strong
Not good at all bro.
Poverty rate for non-Hispanic whites was 9.5% in 2010-- but over 25% for Hispanics.
Last Rite rehearsal was a good one. Blessed to have such lovely dancers
Allways Proud! How'smy favorite wine connoisseur!
Love folks complaining how aren't playing in their backyard... TRAVEL! not to mention 2 legs of tour unannounced.
a big OL' headache :( You?
I hate coaching JV.
OMG! Adorable!
Dear men who wear skinny jeans, ...but where do you hide your penis. Sincerely, confused.
I am a woman with a plan. I love having a plan, even if it's a vague one. I've been without one for a while, so this feels extra sweet.
i help u, u help me broski
Dirty, dirty things that I don't think I'm allowed to say on twitter. Or anything music related. That's cool, too.
Happy to have kept you connected at that amazing event! Hopefully your friend learned a lesson and chooses XCom next time :)
But now watch me not sleep tonight...
Virtuostically its Jermaine. Originality it's Juliette. Surprise factor it's Chris. Boy next door it's Tony. Who will be #thevoice2012 ?
Thanks for the comment MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality in Baltimore.
Good morning #fortwayne. Happy Wednesday!
Big date with my daughter tonight :)
needed to hear that today! Thx
the Lord brutha! seek Him always ;)
Take your time Lakers !
She's right next to me. RT : Cause Tikky never texted back. THNXS, MAYNE.
Not everyone thinks your toddler is adorable.
"She had memories of being fast as a girl. The speed in her legs went untested & ignored. Back then, there weren’t women doing men’s stuff."
I of course support local artists and but that exchange was ridiculous.
oh hey there gina :D
That's good to hear sweetie, if you ever need me I'm here
I have an emergency stash of beer downstairs left over from Y2K. Along with 50 cans of lima beans. So I'll be just fine.
well, I have to keep it going or I will lose it. :)
ow I see I see... u need brain to study still... again im on my knees daddy ;) in case u need more brain lmao
Has anyone ever been the security guard ar trophy bar for halloween? I'm calling it for next year. Such a choice costume.
also, if you got Obsidian or Fez soundtrack out on vinyl i would buy that in a heartbeat. just sayin
Jill Scott.
40 minutes to get from Mt. Vernon to Federal Hill is ridiculous.
Check your cgu email; I don't have an alternate email.
At the Cedar Ridge National Honor Society thing. I don't wanna be here. Omg.
gets better and better everyshow!
are you feeling unloved?
is #wordpress down for me or everyone?
If a module gets tested rigorously, I would imagine a core theme would get the same evaluation/
Austin: this airplane music is terrible... Mama Mahone: ... Austin: okay just not answer me that's cool too. #mahonemoments <3 (: haha.
The Shore won Best Live Action Short. No idea what that is but I guessed right on my prediction ballot!
I jail broke my iPhone last night & I'm not too sure how I feel about it. Any tips?
Dan P. tried to take one of our Big Boys. He failed! mwahahaha
It's hard not to get emotional listening to Jason Variteks retirement press conference. Good luck captain!
Looks like has a great panel: Get ready #Uppers, they're talking about Limbaugh
Dear , The first song in tonight's Tweet- up mix is for you!
Thanks for the RT Thomas! Have a great day
In honor of password, had an hour long discourse about Jesus conspiracy theories with the housemates.
How did I not win the MM jackpot?
DOOR TO THE KINGDOM OPEN AT 6:15p.m. AND SHOW STARTS AT 6:30p.m. ... OPEN TO ALL AGES AND BAR W/I.D. ... #TATTOOMUSIC LIVE
Did I miss something? Is today not Saturday?
I might call her when I wake up
Feynman thought that, "Einstein had failed because he stopped thinking in concrete physical images and became a manipulator of equations".
Naito Parkway traffic extra heavy today due to construction and traffic avoiding the May Day protests going on by the Park blocks
ignore me. also seems likie children should come with volume control. divine oversight?
"I was driving & I spilled coffee on my lap & now my penis is on fire!!!!" wtf am I suppose to do about that??
Sonos was just weak. no. not impressed.
Biggest objective for the night: complete statistics homework.
BLM is for ALL women of ALL backgrounds & business sectors. #GetFamiliar RT
That doesn't make me a white person. That's implying that only white people have those qualities.
Just try to feel the person out - are they friendly & open to ideas? Even if they don't use them make sure they are open.
As long as I'm a little scruffy
i had such a HUGE TORMENDOUS Crush on him nd Still do ;) :)ILYShawty<3
The view of the city from Tompkins is breathtakingly beautiful and ironic.
Through You LIVE in Jacksonville Beach Tonight! Follow throughyouworld and come check out the show!
"Easter" is not a word. The correct way to say it is "more east"
Great discussion with GCC tonight: reflecting my not-so-sweet memory of the education system in China.
Jealous! I dont get in until tomorrow. : EXCELLENT.
i think i'm going to college for genetic counseling but i'm gonna take horticulture in high school and an astronomy class in college just bc
These wedges are too die for....agh !
Good luck on finals everyone. You know where to go when it's time to get rid of those books. http:/doudeal.com
Good Luck! :) RT So R2P2D1 went well today,can't wait to see the end results! ...
Oh dear--that sounds uncomfortable! You still dropping mad beats?
www.fpyouthoutcry.org visit and learn more
Hot water is such a pleasure to me.
thank U,had a nice day.Wish they did a better job 4 Andy, thoght he had a real good 1st game.Way 2 many people left on base
See, the team is PLAYING putrid. The players are far from. The problem is Smokes in the clubhouse.
Making 'kraut now RT : saurkraut one is interesting - makes me want to eat more kimchi & banchan!
It disturbs me that the only person you follow on Twitter is I'm not shocked. The hair toss won you over?
Thank you so much for the follow! Peace!
For the life of me, I have no idea why it's national news when a college coach is fired. Big deal; hire a different overpaid gym teacher.
very nice Daniel. Don't worry about what's been done or not been done. Do it your way and own it, as you did with this one ;-)
Got a number tonight. Alrigh alright alright
I love how people say something but their actions are completely different.
You are awesome!
Being there for your friends >>>>
It's a #BlackKeys type of night...
": And you guys are gonna get involved."WOO. BOSTON BABY
Knowledge and/or experience in the game/platform being hired for  Preferred
Tweeties: please know that twitter is sending "promoted" tweets on my acct I do NOT endorse Scott Walker
T2: I read a report somewhere with an HIE admin who said he's seeing some ACOs reluctant to share the data they work hard to obtain
as promised, two new interviews up today! one in 30, and one later today. amazing bands you won't wanna miss.
Your Welcome!
tough loss for man!
oh my god I know!
President's concert is going well, I've played for ten minutes, stood outside for ninety
It's Friday and it doesn't feel like it.... Maybe I just need Rebecca black to get that feeling back.
ah, my booboo is back! :D
watching Paris, Texas now. I couldn't resist putting in the Blu-Ray after seeing all the tweets about it
Biology students get their turn today showing research. It’s poster mania in Union South. What’s the best project title?
Switzerland will never be neutral again. We won't be able to say "I'm Switzerland" during a heated discussion.
Drake and josh-MY SHOW!
Just got back from watching Coraline at the movies, it was so worth the extra price for it being in 3D. Now I need to read the book.
we built it, they will cum!
some glitch with potions, I think is what he said!
Nothing kills a giggle party like joking that you may be a psychopath.
Late night olympics really whooped my ass
I want to be like you when I grow up
too freaky since Angela and the girls have been watching the show alot lately.
Is this stunt casting from the Guthrie, with Peter Rachleff playing Sen. Joseph McCarthy in new play on Langston Hughes?
whats going on man
oh... That must have cured you didn't it
Okay. Cool. My best friend and my crush telling each other how cool they are on Facebook. Woho.
Wonderful evening of belly dance at Golden First Friday! We had great crowds - lots of good energy!
Jim Neal: we need to move to parabiosis, an age of radical collaboration, with ctrs of excllnce around the world
Now #ImanShumpert is hurt; this is a complete nightmare for me and the #NewYorkKnicks. This is a complete annihilation.
Not gonna lie, if it weren't for Telephone, I would've never become a Beyoncé stan.
EPIC Spring Gala w/ Vagabond Opera and Fishtank Ensemble
thanks homie! give me a couple months to put something out
Did you know that there is someone whose job includes squeezing toothpaste on a toothbrush for Prince Charles?
they come in batches -- when I come home I'll get 2-4 alerts all at once. Probably happened 3-4 times.
Same 2 u all!
rofl heller my squishy pal
Aside from the bullsht life is good, stay prayed up, have a blessed day.
I obviously need to seek this out now...
I been using the green deep facial cleanser one for bout 2mths and I like it.
Dont act like you cant get smacked!
Every girl has a perfect man. And he calls it in a simple "daughter".
Thanks! We'll be posting that again tomorrow. And we heard the Downton Abbey marathons are pretty good, too.
hummus! if you dip in ranch, blue cheese, or onion dip, try HUMMUS. so yummy. www.courtskitchen.wordpress.com
Middle option!
Just drove by McPherson square, where police have just started clearing out the #OccupyDC protesters
I think I just fell in love with "Off Da Chain"
I'm thinking about sex cause I just woke up a minute ago!!!!! ;)
Thank you! It WAS cold yesterday (esp in AM) & yup, told makeup artist "Please do anything to make me look more my age!" :)
You sexxy boo
Got my brad paisley ticket!!
Lie Bout some of everything
follow backk please?
Boys > Homework
To do list: (1) Buy a sword. (2) Name it "Kindness." (3) Kill people with "Kindness."
lmfao true that
is a suprising actor in the ant farm what will happen next........... follow/retweet this post
haha it wasn't to hot :) and that sucks!
I can't stand this!!!!! I need to get out of this place!! I swear I'm going to die
Indeed you're right- correction noted. Thanks!
I wanna meet u so bad I love u Charlie ur the shit can I please meet u tomorrow I'm ur biggest fan!!!
A4: Michael Fassbender is simply scrumptious so why not have something as decadent with him?
Chillin in Michael Vick country.... Where my dawgs at???? Oops
Hey all, please show some love and follow my new record label who will be releasing my next album 'Nick Vayenas. #New music
: that would be nice!! Good luck with everything!
"Plans" and "Restless" both moved to the next round of the West Coast Songwriters International Songwriting Competition. Wish me luck!
I hate when ppl never show up for practice but then show up 1 day and its packed
I wonder how people say all this shit in the internet and when they
Is texting and driveing not illegal where your from? who is this?
La Cofradia is now on twitter. Get the latest of our events, exquisite cuisine and who's here. Follow us
Futures game!!!!
black friday on
Thx for the Prayers...much appreciated!
Your beret is simply stunning
Praying God's goodness over you tonight at our church. God's blessing!
Note to self: Cross Brainerd off the guest co-hosting list. Permanently.
oh, I have tons of recipes saved everywhere and anywhere.. wanna get them organized and preferably easily accessed anywhere.
I don't get the planking movement either.
Back to Chicago again, I'm sick of driving back and forth, let's hope I get that job lol
Shaviro: "We invert anthropomorphism when assume the world will have no values once we are departed from it."
Close, but I need the FULL brand name with it. you almost have it. the answer is 5 words.
I've always wanted to try those! My parents think I'm crazy
congrats on #1yearWhoIAm :) you're an amazing guy can't wait to hear more music
Guest Bartending tomorrow night with !!! Come grab a drink and cure your hangover!!
lukky! it wont let me : /
Sorry, I know it's not for everyone... :) Some people will really appreciate it!
YES RT : Brilliant idea! RT : Q2 - If its a gas BBQ organize a place to store a spare gas bottle,
Hey sorry the movie just ended! And he said he misses you to!
let's hope they keep it up. :)
Limit your credit card usage on nifty deals coz buying things is that much sweeter when you pay in cash!
Was teasing. I'm sure those AGs are motivated only by the interest of assuring their constituents the best access to health care.
So facsinating that #IHOP is more relevant in #twitterworld than the important primaries in #MI and #AZ????
congrats on your 100urbanentrepreneurs grant. excellent.
awww how cute
Thanks for the nice review of The Paradise Prophecy, Wayne.
When will you find the end has no finish line my friend
Gotta have brains and looks when you got a grown man.. Only little boys go for dumb bitches who ain't gone be shid..
RT : 10,000 schools have a farm to school program which helps kids try new fruits and veggies!
The #Rays fear As they should...
Played softball tonight. My thighs are burning in a bad way.
wat happen wit drake?
#thevalueofafollower how are you measuring your
Stop by the PORTLAND MARATHON BOOTH at the Expos at the Big Sur & Eugene Marathons & get $10 off a Marathon registration (good April 27-30).
It's amazing the things you can do with duct tape
You would think after a lifetime of drinking I would know to open them over the sink
Sounds great. Congrats to the #ubuffalo #ubhonors students!
You raise good points. I did a spot check & all major museum apps I know were hits. Know a better list or query?
yeah they're kinda doing...okay here :) & I like their stuff
me and one chance is a match made in heaven those my boys im down tell me wat i gotta do
you don't like.
Who dancing me all night ❕😏
I also wish I was in SD for the "Technologies of Migrant Memory and Movement" #csa12 panel. Curtis Marez presenting "Farm Worker Futurism"
Have a great weekend!
In the MF zone!
Make-up cant cover up that personality.
I guess it's the information organizer in me, but I really want to create subcategories in Pinterest
There's no point in trying to fall asleep because it's not gonna happen. I'm just gonna pretend it's another vacation night.
thanks boo. Love you <3
What's under Arsenio's hat?!?! What's he hiding? :)
I sent a couple more photos to the newsrm email for u guys! Marissa u were right!!
escaping nights without shadows on the wall,my mind is running wild trying hard not to fall <3
Many empty seats in the Gaston Hall balcony as Newt Gingrich begins his speech
Full day of work then hopping to AACC conference + a little WDW Magic! #finally #Springbreak... Well, a little break anyway.
Time of day affects your service demographics
Today is National Wear Red Day, I'm not participating.
your like Kumars big sister (:
H2O is the way to go! One of the simplest & most important things your can do for your health is drink water. Drink up!
And sucks even more cuz I'm fucking Diabetic! Omg
“: Dats wats up only been dea once!”where u from
Come to Mission Hills Community Garage Sale April 21 for bargains & fun. San Diego 92103.
I'm so ready for formal.
Uh-oh. Ha ha. Was I the company and/or dead? How was the event? Wish I could have made it.
Dave's remodeled his 30th St Cafe (3600 block); more space, menu & tasty rosemary potatoes /lattes, bkfast & lunch items. Viva North Park
Ayy! I heard it was my homie birthday though! Happy Birthday TamaRa!
I'm getting on at 10:05 you better be on bruh
A single boundary gives you twice what several #Surrey batsmen have got out for this knock.
“: That tat look like a 5 year old kid got ahold of a sharpie and had his way wit the side of his head #southLAnd” LOL!! Agreed!
you are already there my friend. I'm no 100 miler princess til I finish mine in June.
Haha...for real man.
it is jus make sure the gators are around then there's no way of knowin if they fell in or what... Jus a thought...
a BIG congrats to the.......#Brewers!
Wish I woulda said yes!!!!
yea he been took it to far
i've been watching serial mom. kathleen turner is so good. WEAR YOUR SEAT BELT.
me to
Don't try to play chess with checkers pieces. Ur not equipped for this game.
Meetings, work, friends and family all weekend! And hopefully some pool worthy weather☀
I know those feels
w/Get User name
Oh, by the way, Skyline is disgusting. LOL
Pasting from Libre Office into Wordpress works flawlessly - not so with Google Docs
Do you like reading? Have you read The Mortal Instruments? If you haven't you should it's an amazing series!💗😄 it's like 😲
Might have taken me almost 5 months to realize that you are the one i want to spend my life with, but thats ok. <3 i love you babe.
"MOM COmE OVER ITS IMPORTANT" "What happened!" "Can you turn off my light" ;)
i just hate it when ppl judge just because your a #CeNation fan matter what you say i will always be a #CeNation fan
Thank you! stay tuned..
this is going to get ugly.
Museum was so boring .. now were getting some #FOOD (;
Also available in gray! RT : Simon's Fashion Line: Consisting of a wide variety of black & white tshirts. I'd buy it.
There are some up on Ancestry that come up w/no problem. Of course I don't have any of those locations.
I can't believe it's 2011 and we still see that crap on our daughters.
At 1pm: The Color Wheel, one of the favorites of AF staff.
Getting down and dirty with Set Top Box Audience Viewing Data
Lots going on in the D this weekend! We'll be planting trees with the Mower Gang and banishing evil hobgoblins at Marche du Nain Rouge!
Great job in Cleveland last night!
I'm trying really hard to get into this new Used album.
Just ask :)
": your a chef ? I like to eat :p" yepp I love to cook Im really good at it too :)
Ready for the easter egg hunt
It's officially July, which means I'll be in Seoul, South Korea in less than a month. Wowzers.
That really amazing moment when you have a five page essay due tomorrow, however then you find an old essay you can reuse instead.
u better call J.G. Wentworth! 😂😂"It's my money and I need it NOW!!!"
New #favorite #album: Arrow, by #HeartlessBastards, which I've owned for about 45 minutes.
Happy Monday! Have you submitted your film today?
loving We are Young playing by on also voted for Some nights for #badass :)
It's the great American conundrum. Why are the Kardashians still famous?
I think of Blind Ravi
NPA will be at a lunch with Sen. Weinberg tomorrow to talk LGBTQ issues! Thanks to Garden State Equality for hosting
Johnny Depp is damn good on that guitar.
Good morning. Thanks for retweeting. May your Sabbath be miraculously blessed.
Roger probably deserved a yellow there. Dirty push in the back. Otherwise, #SportingKC looking very good & in command.
I think its because everyone has the same provider
BoA just sent me a card with Visa number and CVV clearly legible on internal packaging. Maybe package differently? Unnecessary exposure.
mother is stable, but she needs to be better, I am so worried. So much pain my heart.
Beer Camp is back on August 20th! Learn about beer with a multi-course meal and beer pairings. Call or e-mail for reservations.
I know betty draper is a shitty mom, but doesn't she realize that every year or so she comes home from the store with a new bobby?
I am doing a church tour next month. Just in the Phoenix metro for now!
"What does that mean?" "YOU said it." "Yeah but what was the context?"
F.N.O.- Failures No Option
yes and yes!
Bill Godwin's Ink Spots will be performing @ Friends of The Lyric Theatre in Stuart, FL. on Apr. 15th @ 6pm & 8:30pm
Thanks, buddy!
I don't appreciate you underestimating me. I may not look like it, but I do have quite a bit of common sense.
Is Tom Baker's regeneration? Isn't it curious how he never wears an oversized scarf?
Happy tears going on here for both of you...Tucson can't wait to have you back!!
at wiscrelic.com
As a 38 year old big nyc sports fan, all I have to say is Jets = Mets. Case closed.
check out our "SOCIAL VIBE" section on our blog. if you'd like to donate for the cause, all you have to do is spend 5 minutes of your time!
I'm literally about to supper and then shortly after I will commence the slumber...
Turkey creek
Everybody is a genius. But if u judge a fish by its ability 2 climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it's stupid -Einstein
Many #women with #BV actually have no symptoms at all, though some may experience burning or itching or discharge.
All natural does not always mean healthy.
I Earned Ma Strips Nigga! Sun Up Ta Sun Down
In Carmel/Monterey Bay for the next week. Have a favorite tea spot I need to checkout?
stretch vs. shady
good stuff...small businesses need to be aware of what/how to help themselves online!
What'd one ocean say to the other? Nothing, they just waved..SEA what I did there? Im SHORE you did BEACH..Yeah BUOY..WATER you laughing at?
I am absolutely LOVING the Dexter teasers Showtime is putting out.... S6 just might top S5 ;)
Headed for Tampa Wed for 1.5 weeks. Yale Forum (climatemediaforum.yale.edu) will post Tuesday -- Q&A w UCS Pres, EPA CO2 ruling press, more.
I am the master, bow down
my nig. what it do!
Shouldn't my bluetooth mouse work when it is like 2 feet from my laptop? Keeps lagging. Weird.
30's are AMAZING years (though I'm only 31 this year lol). Happy Birthday! You're amazing <3
We ❤ #WI. Love from
happy bday have a good one
hopefully! Down with Evil!
And once again is the MOST intelligent person in the room I bet...seriously!
I have no idea how you have the patience for this job. Rest assured, people still like you!
yeah the 9832 one
no. i'm not eating cookies.
yes, please be prepared for some YouTube awesomeness headed your way! :) gotta get settled first then vlogs ahead!!
RT Dear Linked Open Data peeps. Please take a peep at iconclass.org/help/lod and point out the stupid mistakes.
reat timing now... Cuz im getting sleepy af! But how can I sleep to dubb... If all I wanna do is stay up more and jamm tha fuck out haha ...
At this time in 2 weeks I will be on American soil. So weird to think about.
#MINDBLOWN RT : #KnowledgeOfTheDay If you Google "Ghetto" it's a place not a state of mind. Thank you Tenisha
Twitter always comes first!!!!! Hell yeah!!!
Re: Hair question. Two votes for it's rude/impolite, one vote for it's a compliment, and brings up a good point.
Building studio all day with Now watching the Jersey Shore cuz its fucking dope =P
Be jealous ! Ha, idk I think i should but i don't think I will.
Why does Sir Patrick Stewart, a man who is constantly working in film and television, charge fans $200 for his autograph? Because he can?
Had to stop for gas, put air in her tires, and still had to stop at bank to hand cash over to said teenage daughters..
Am I the only one who really doesn't care about Donald Driver and DWTS? The media coverage is giving me nausea.
awww those are bad. do you have anything for it?
A recent survey by the Hoverson group: Webinars are one of the most effective strategies to create wealth online
LMAO! I don't think so! =P
Be succesfull today, and paying bills like you know you can, you deserve more out of life?
Ok Everyone Tomorrow night is my last night in TN Till the end of the year So come out to Linden To the Commodore Linden Hotel for my...
Oh what a day, what a day. Can't wait for it to be over.
Happy B Day Please RT PS I Sent You A Letter Today
we always love to have you lady. if you wanna work on some beer/cheese pairings let us know!
Thanks for passing along our hashtag!
class 530....reading
Ditto what Pete said. We still got to meet up Joe! :)
its hot as hell in my house well all the way at the top
I miss being best friends with you.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ♥ WE LOE YOU
OMG!!! Thanks for the LOVE and support, we Appreciate it MUCHO !!!!!!!
Twitter just recommended that I follow Clearly, Twitter doesn't know me.
#HappyBirthdayAustin said it a million times but we love you Austin! Hope your bday was as amazing as you truly are <3
verdasco beat Nadal..(well son of a gun). wow! congrats 2 him.
Q4: Integrate! How to train health providers on non-medical factors that undermine
Thanks to everyone who came out to my last two shows of the year! So much to come in 2012 :)
Oh we're half way there, woahhhhhh oh it's our sophomore year 💜💙
About that length of time mr prez it's getting short
on second thought now that you can afford that view how about Crain's sponsoring the fireworks instead of us "peon" taxpayers?
RT : THINGS JESUS NEVER SAID: "I'm giving up chocolate for lent."
You must've never seen the movie. I'm like Brad Pitt in many ways.
Finished day one of a Public Information Officer crisis communication training class hosted by the Dept. of Homeland Security. So much info!
Thank you God for allowing this world to have such a great singer as Whitney Houston. You are a just God and I praise you for that.
Yeah, I will def be there in August!
Q5 Green bean casserole and waldor salad! Must haves at my place!
#bookaday - Dan Gutman fun - MISS DAISY IS CRAZY and MRS ROOPY IS LOOPY!
your welcome & hopefullyy I will(:
I suggest on your next day out! It's the perfect place to escape to alone.
I'm trying to read the books but I just don't have any time to
Betty White is endorsing Pres. Obama...mad cool!
ok miss we must hang on your free days then, and soon! Don't leave for New York without your girl time. Spa week
It's been way too long since I've seen Dave Matthews Band live :( sad
Cmon Sark- we aren't playing for a game winning field goal at halftime. You had 3 timeouts SMH
That intro flowed better then I expected it would. I surprise the hell out of myself when I write sometimes.
Crossing fingers that the contractors will actually be at my house when I take my lunch.
I'm gonna merd
that it is.. But you shouldn't make it the top priority in your life.
Guess I won't b making my goal tonight cuz I'm getting sleepy:-/ I hate this new work schedule...night!
Taking care of home is VITAL
Tomorrow is going to be really hard for me guys.. Please keep me, but more importantly my Mom and little brother in your prayers.Thank you🙏
Thanks for followin brotha. I am diggin your music. Lovin After Tonite. Have you played the Roxy or Troubador yet? Best wishes!!!
Having a dog rocks. Going on a walk or to the park is the most therapeutic part of my day.
At baynanza beach clean up with ! Happy earth month!
haha but any hairstyle looks good on me
I think I iz so therefore I iz
Tori Amos just said, "Sup?" on this live album.
We're sad to hear about Adam Yauch of the #BeastieBoys passing away. We loved his energy and musical talent.
oh I LOLd at this big time!!!
New Viewer's Choice Results are shown in the 'Viewers Choice Results" tab of our Facebook page...enlarge it and enjoy!
You say you love me, but all you do is hurt me...
Idea isn't to avoid making mistakes but to make them cheaply and early...learning from them and increasing your resilience as you go..Sargut
Here now! At table 54 :) w Kenny!
I Swag In My Snap
planning to-do list for tomorrow...it is already longer than I had hoped.
I love that the stories in honorary resolutions still have to use "whereas."
haha. well make up ur mind! i dnt wanna b a slut AND a bitch!!! i mean, ur just a hoe!
Listening to "Crazy" and the whole studio is bobbing their heads! Look out, #Remede is coming at you!
Why is Google TV trending? nobody seemed to care about it 2 years ago
Thanks for helping us thank #nonprofit #volunteer heroes!
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher. - Dalai Lama
Anyone else have trouble with godaddy web hosting? I lost all my site content even tho I backed up, and I have email problems daily. :(
i dont like the new twitter :(
YAYYYYYY those bitches are gone
always an awkward conversation. How to do better?
epa needs to go they just kill jobs and america to grow
RT: This Thursday and will be our #mediachat guests for their 1yr Anniversary of !
Ghirardelli...I've got some Ghirardelli. Who wants some? (btw...it's the 60% dark) :)
Never seen someone so anti-nfl. Can't figure it out.
good vibes and prayers your way, mister.
RT : “: The struggle is real.” The Mayans may be on to something lol>>>lol
Np Rick Ross- rich forever
No! I don't have your money, quit calling me!
Get ready for Social Marketing Automation to take center stage. Happily, is way ahead of the game!
thank you sweety for being my 200 follower :D you're the
Congrats! An achievement well deserved...
quite familiar with it but haven't used it in a project
why do midterms have to exist
Ha! Well, we can be rather starstudded. Thanks for keeping an eve over our famous patrons!
don't question scientific research.
Sadly our music expert Michael moves on after today: rare books, comics, CDs, DVDs -- catch him today before 7 @ 7916 SE Foster behind CLEAR
And another congrats to our fellow Wisconsinites on their win against #Vandy 60-57! Good game! good luck in the #Sweet16 boys!
We still haven't taken off. First a computer problem on board, now we're waiting for Air Force One to land...
yess!! it will get there soon enough!
bet. if I do go it's gonna be on friday after 7?
Watching a Kevin Smith question thing with my brother & cousin. Still don't know if we going to the party.
No way! I saw them in Milwaukee recently, and they were stellar as always. Very different than two years ago though.
Thxs Kevin! :) MT : /Bob really enjoyed this weeks please keep up the good work!
iPhone F****** rulezzzzzxxxxxxxxxxxx
Last this, last that.
Wanna play a joke on your chiropractor? The next time he starts working on you, go limp and soil yourself.
Hours before #arthistory midterm: Freshman: "All of the slides will have captions with names and dates, right?" ... We need to talk.
I'm glad I saw Evil Dead - made me appreciate Cabin in the Woods that much more
The #iHeartRadio Music Festival is Live!! Watch it live right now! bit.ly/r0eMaD
Gotta tell ya, not a big fan of the forwarded chain email where finger cramping scrolling is needed to get to the point.
+2 Adult-ing points for dressing like an grownup between holidays. Proceed unhindered to the Chai / Latte of your choice.
TWITTER HOES IS TAKING OVER!!!!!!!!!! S/O TO THE VIDEO ON HERE #YOUTUBE TOOK IT OFF!!!
Summer book club reading/eating idea: Celebrate Julia's 100th with MY LIFE IN FRANCE & her famous beef bourguignon recipe...
He has a right to criticize, who has a heart to help. ~ Abraham Lincoln
My bracket is blowing up tonight! Hope #Florida wins or else it's over for me.
Girls: Never lower your standards for a guy, make him raise his standards for you!
BECAUSE YOU DO!
Asian Invasion: CO brings Vietnamese to King
you're really really pretty nh.
happy fathers day to my daddy whos in heaven r
Your my soft taco
Words cannot describe..tonight was neat:)
Interesting call in Game 7 with 2:26 remaining...
#smallfryarmy how was your day? Tweet me! Just got out of cheer practice, #Hyped for my cheer competition on Sunday (: xoxo
The entrenched 1% will not go quietly into that good night without a fight. #NYPD will see to that. #OWS must
Don't be afraid to ask questions it helps you gain knowledge and makes you stop wondering.
How are you celebrating the holidays?
I think whether it is wrong or right depends on each individuals point of view. A cop who is really stern could say that it is
Viewing #BlendKit live stream from #slnsolsummit: resources targeted for those moving from f2f to #blended, no 1 size fits all
One more contest for today - RT this for a chance to see Basshunter TONIGHT ! Always a party when he's here :)
vodka, ginger beer, lime juice, moss garnish?
i don't have much money, but boy if i did.
lmfaoo, that's so true. xD
Q15 Crunch while watching The Biggest Loser. Take the stairs rather than the elevator!!
Happy one year of being girlfriends to me and !(:<3 freaking love that girl but she's lame for not being in town right now.
It's hard to believe the past sometimes. Trying to convince yourself that didn't happen.
George Zimmerman charged with second degree murder of Trayvon Martin.
Congrats to Denver and Tim Tebow! Not since OJ Simpson have people been so captivated by a white Bronco. (from )
it means a lot, u might have been my first, always a special place in my heart
Hot temper, with the shortest fuse you . .
come on stupid penalty im def gonna have a heart attack
Happy anniversary to my Dad and Step-mom today! Such a great example of love :)
After wrapping my brain cells around my action script "Donors" for 16 hours over past three days, I'm back to Tweeting and fucking around.
The police call it crack I call it Diet Coke
we talked last night?!?!?
SUSHI HANA, you make me feel oh so very good!
“The word of a gentleman is as good as his bond; and sometimes better.” -Charles Dickens
I wonder if Bob Warner would be pleased to know that I now carry his trading card in my wallet.
lol just got home. ha.
Lol. But I Guess We About To Get To The Bottom Of This Tonight > >
Blueberry yogurt dipped pretzels are so yummy!
OCR (on-campus recruiting): Federal Analyst-Summer Scholar, Strategy & Operations for Deloitte Consulting LLP. Deadline to apply: Sun. 1/29
haha can you send your chauffeur to pick me up? I am incapable of operating a vehicle right meow
Cats are the best bunnies ever lol
That weird moment when you get two of the same fortune cookies in a row!
sounds good!
same same
I am not going to want to get up in the morning
Midtown in the summer does not make my list of favorite things...
So I'm driving in bkfld, tornado is here, no siren that tells me to take cover, I have to find a bkfld cell user?
Wanted something out of reach,it's killing me.
"You know that Harry Styles guy that you want to love and marry?" Oh my sister.
When my sister thinks shes stronger than me>>>
That annoyed moment when your tweet feed is cluttered with lovey dovey shit and you have nothing from your own bf #donewitchu:(
Debating if I want to make meatballs or not
well meh. Why would that interest me?! hahah but he is coming to Indy. July 29th!
The sad truth is, I guess it was about time.
and I just found some blue, purple and red dye in my bathroom! Thank god for having a 14 yr old sis who constantly changes her hair color!🙏
How's #140cuse??
The most difficult part of #BeyondThunderdomeWednesday is painting while wearing spiked football pads.
Owls are cool, right?
Straight brim slightly tilted baseball caps #cool or #tool? Mt vote based on the stupid white kid in front of me at Panera: 100% TOOL
The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere. Anne Morrow Lindbergh
The last scotch I had at was with served by and it was Johnnie Blue!
well that sounds epic, i had a slightly similar dream about me having a magic cane lol
Senior Exec Assistant needed to support two senior MD's in Research. Will need to be extremely polished, excellent software skills (Outlook…
In NJ for the JCC Camp portion of the
My life depends on Google, quotes, and my horoscope...
New rule. Every Yr Steelers will have permanent spot in Super Bowl. Rest can fight for the 2nd spot.
I must admit, the frequency of events like these and others concerns me; then again, this has always been a part of who I am...
It's not our money or our freedom that the global elites want to take away, its our very souls.
Well I'm bout to go to sleep
People who pressure people Into NOT doing something are just as bad as people who pressure them to do something. Make your own decisions.
hex yea
hey don't forget me lol I was standing with you out in line last week :)
Juxtaposition = place or deal with close together for contrasting effect : black-and-white
no I'd honestly attack that bitch right now.
Working on not being such a cunt.
no it's not. you didn't deserve that shit. and furthermore, neither did dylan. sigh. yeah. apologies. //:
yoga is on Monday's at 5:15!
Not quite liking it yet...but it's moving in the right direction. Ran out of snort last night...long days...short nights...LOL!
i will be there later to join you in
I just thought it couldn't be life...
Follow & pin on for a chance to win one of four $100 gift cards all through Feb! Each "re-pin" counts as one entry!
place called "Oyster Bar" in Fort Wayne. Are you familiar?
Have a wonderful time! Thanks for using ShowClix and Happy New Year :)
IF IM NOT CLEARED FOR GRADUATION BY WED..IM GOING TO SCREAM
RT : the last space shuttle launch. Many years of looking to the eastern sky watching,holding your breath, hoping all goes well.
i could email this straight to tigerbeat.
lol ok so i see ppl take dms seriously i barely check my dms bitches really get mad when u dont respond lol so they unfollow
check out our friends they do great things and we look forward to collaborating!
Naw. It's a nice little piece. C'mon you know age ain't nuthin but a number.
Jeff Lewis with a nice run for a first down. He's got speed.
Someone needs to count up all of the layups players have missed during the #NCAA tournament JUST because they used the wrong hand to finish!
What's up Terry, now we meet on twitter...
Got a new i-fone....amazing
Still up at 4:51 am? Yeah, otherwise I wouldn't be typing this. Pulling an all-nighter. We're cool. -K .xx
Wearing my #nerdglasses w/ pride!!!!!! #nerdglasses <3 they're my peoples
So it could be that exercise could have a much bigger effect if you were to start young
My brother is a straight DICK.
It's never a problem to go the extra mile to make someone u love comfortable.
Thanks for the shout! Where can I find more about Feed My Starving Children events!! = )
woohoo! Happy Birthday!!
in Calif, scores come back in early August (though perhaps the logic is the same)
Fabulous!!! Hope it was great!
I love every single person in this car:D
Finally is on twitter! I have to say you are the best singer ever. Can't wait to hear more great songs for you!
Explained to a neighbor here in NC that he really should check out the art & design section of when he visits NYC.
first time logging back in after forgetting my twitter password for a week. what did i miss?
Never heard that one. It makes sense though.
I had almost forgotten how much I miss East Coast thunderstorms...sigh..so different from what we have in Ohio.
hey! Saw you from afar just once ....crazy busy! Next time!
Crazy short visit, arriving tonight and depart Tuesday morning, so basically only one day in the city.
BIG NEWS to be revealed TOMORROW!! Stay tuned - you won't want to miss it!!
I hate you!! That's not even funny!! I felt bad for you!! You loser!!! I still love you unfortunately. 
Yes, tomorrow is the 2nd Tues of the month. RT : Just making sure that tomorrow is your free day? Thanks!
watch your mouth paul!!! Glee is the shit!
will you and Vanessa be in DC may 4?! Please say yes!
Is it wrong to judge someone's date-ability based on how useful they'd be during the Zombie Apocolypse?
ok well broke the story so it must be true smh……
Dayna. U r being followed :)
Morning everyone
Visit www.passionsbyk.com and see our new December collection. Hope you like it!
they hate you.
Fuck, that reminds me...I still have to do some of those global regents review flash cards....
MUST #FF A dude so hep he needs a Friday follow tweet all to himself. Follow him nao!
Happy birthday to He has been the bestest ktteh for the last 13 years.
"Reveals...a near-pathological gift for making the author unsympathetic" - in VF re Franzen's new essay collection
For a Chinese accent on S like SASSY, place your tongue a bit further back in mouth creating more friction, it may sound more like a soft SH
LMFAO. 'I remember Christian Bale...' 'Who the hell is Christian Bale? One of your ancient actors?'...'I never believed in hitting
RT : Atlanta 1996 was an unmitigated transport disaster. What will be the impact of #olympics2012 on your business?...
You just have a string on your back you keep pulling, right?
Who cares if you learn how to crawl or walk before running? It's most important to be headed in the right direction to hit your goals!
we'll get that out soon :) thanks for caring for my poor gums! lol
As in all grad courses, professionalization is one of the goals. Today was a great example of new forms of teaching & learning.
heck yes!
hey lady I briefly saw your text the other day and then my phone broke. I don't have your number, text me again!!
Things start out as hopes and end up as habits. Lillian Hellman
Apologies to all who are on my email list, I seem to have been hacked. Please ignore the spam.
my dude. What's good bro
Let me grab my Dick while you sit on top
Back to Evidence!
Stephen A. Smith: I could see the Pacers stealing two games and winning the (Heat) series. It will be highly competitive.
Likewise! RT : Look forward to your tweets
#WhenBoys keep on reminding you how beautiful and worthy you are.
They had subtitles when most of the locals spoke.. Thank Goodness #WhatDidTheySay?
When I'm sad, you always manage to find a way to cheer me up <3
my question is did know about u and fab!!!
This time next year, Communic8 will be a household name. You heard it here first. Interested? Stay tuned.
may peace be upon yall fam...maintain a positive out look on today and make the best of wat u workin wit ~
why yes I am fine and dandy. BTW, note this is my "prof" acct here, so quoting Coach Calhoon, "let's keep it clean folks" :-)
Hey Rex , thanks for following , needless to say sideways is on my short list of fav movies , I am a fan :)
not sure what you're casting, but we should discuss this over some korean food.
hey Natalie Julianna wants you to have a concert tomorrow!!
Thanks for RT. See you Thursday.
Happy Thanksgiving. :D
preaching to the choir.
#Obama logic: Increased Oil supply won't lower price - but unplugging phone charger will lower global temperature.
Hey Jeter nice haircut. Going for the corky look?
Do you have any products with excellent covers? Forward a link to me so I may showcase it on my website – adaptonadime.com
Dear evsryone who retweeted us, I wobt be able to #ff mention you. I am so sorry. Tweet me that you rt us and ill rt you for the
I can't call it imma be werkin on the whip through the mornin games most likely but possibly can scoop u after
I Stop chasin the dream and started livin the dream!.. Part of the Greatest Story ever told!..
oh! hahah:D i see i see; character limits can be a pain--good practice for shortttalking :D keep me posted!
where has been day?
ditto! #thanks again Steve!! #FoodieChats ❤ “: Missed you again Hope to see you at one event in 2012 ;)”
good gifts!
Lmao ! Thank You ^.^
Lol yup it's def a blessing! RT : nice
PHILLY BOUND
Tried eating healthy and was doing well, till today. When I ate about 10 pieces of bacon
You got an iPhone ?!!
finals already?!?!
Where's Cleandra ?
Living in Boston right now, I try to stock up at Playboy events ha
worlds collide.
A Vagina is like the weather: Once it's wet, it's time to go inside.
stories on the impact of OA: first year of free access to Medline: 70 million searches. Public wants to know, access
Printing on paper gives landowners reasons to grow trees. Print IS sustainable! SOS Printing is an FSC Certified Printer
Bounce A Gyal!!
Test of voting equipment finished - and successful! On to Election Day, Tuesday, May 8.
Lebron winning the MVP is cool with me, the man is the BEST player in the World.
#PLACES this Thursday @ 7: Will DeBoer on the Final Resting Place (cemeteries=awesome) & Deborah Harrison on Haunted Manitou Springs!
Let Lawson run the point.
Getting over a cold, eating Cheez-its, listening to Top Tech Trends from Midwinter, catching up on email, was last night's House a good one?
Politicians can learn from musicians who must listen to each other to create perfect harmony. Politicians refuse to listen & create discord.
I feel weird googling "how do you say butt in French" while at work.
No, they talk a good game about mothers but they're not going to do anything for low income stay home mothers
we should follow.....
My first 6 followers who are still going strong. Thx all
I just love to dance alone everywhere anywhere anytime as long as I'm dancing
we've all said that before haha. Where are you at?
Checked out MiKeys last night for DT Dining - sat in the bar to watch the game. TVs. Comfy/Upscale. Great Location.
#4famouswords just a bit outside
to quote Arnold, "I'll Be Back" it was great and I am at the stage of discovery where #DMBistro really helped me!
its hard to buy xmas gifts for people who have an attitude problem.
Blood Drive tomorrow...
Breakfast - Egg Beaters, tomato and bell pepper. Snack - Sugar Free Jello 2nd Snack - Turkey and Wassa Cracker. Yes I am hungry today!
This is my first real vacation and it has been a blast! but it is coming to an end and so I just want to say to all of my friends THANK YOU!
This is one Film Maker you don't want to fall a alseep on! "Believe That!"
like what? :o
Snow day!!
check out our platform for sports registration and digital solution. We're located in NYC also. Hit us up!
Seau, we're told, often was seen headed down to the ocean in the morning to surf...or played his ukelele on the porch with friends. Tragic.
emergency brussel sprouts are awesome. I saw on FB that you're taking #hugtour to Hawaii!! Send photos!
in elementary after gym, the teacher really used to stand by the drinking fountain and count making sure everybody get only 3 seconds!
Muslims are advised to use this phrase when such names are mentioned or written
Big announcement later today. Well have a limited edition release Saturday.
Man, if they cut out those scenes that would suck. I suppose it couldn't be as good anyway, if they didn't cast you again..
I am cheering for #BobcatNation over #Tarheels on
It's a beautiful day for #MakingStrides! I'll be hanging out at the 72nd St. Bandshell in CentralPark - Stop by and say hello!
A big thank you to for debuting "Pass Away" during his show today on ! See Pomegranates at
where at creep? lol RT : I seen you today. lol
aha!! just the thing!! i need some rosaries though from Spain while here :)) xoxo
but I really like Tiger's pants
It's Thursday.. #SorryForPartyRockin at Cowboys tonight. RETWEET!!
Nap time .
that has always been my problem - next record will sound like Parsons produced by Lanios.
I love her.
Just hit 1500 tweets!
well not that I'm not enjoyin u. But I must get dressed an go eat sumthing. Hav a gr8 nite sexy!
I made it! #SDCConf looking forward to the next couple days!
Fun Fact: Only 3 countries in the WORLD claim a net export of royalty payments : US, UK, and Sweden. Why Sweden? Abba.
Can someone Google+ me? Want to do while on vacation...
Herda: At the end of the day, what the big guys say goes when it comes to policy.
Hey Madison :) You know what would be pretty amazing and probably make my life? If you followed me :)
Feels like Mexico right now! Settling for 2 fish tacos and a Jamaica instead;-)
Just saw an ad that said "how to get your ex back." Somehow it translated in my brain as "how to run into traffic with scissors."
I'm gone! We were told to bail early...so I did :) It was good to see you though!! Coming back soon?
ah! Mama Akil is a priority!
Haha, the bargain bin. You look great BTW!
while your making all the same mistakes
If I wanted you to know I would of Told you..
I once replied to a wrong number text with "Look, man, I ain't fallin' for no banana in my tailpipe!"...but I did.
How to become a successful chapter - "our members talked and we listened" so says the "Chex Mix" Chapter of the Year,
Without my account do you know how I feel? Hope you have one guilty concious cause I could kill myself tonight over you.
Snr. Master Sgt. Torry Thompson, part of greeting team, asked president about the NBA finals. Obama said he'll support the Spurs.
I'm always amazed by how many of these acronyms I thought I knew, but didn't. Keep 'em coming!
I don't remark what that was mister o.0
Day two of #PCCOpCo12. Today BIBCO and CONSER meet separately. So it's all CONSER all day for me. And it's a full agenda.
Great team name. Cheers on the win.
lmao =) u late
#robertsfreaky .. super freaky!(;
What time is it? It's
well Ima still be there lol
RT "The best movie of the year"? It's mid-January...
I learned not to judge a woman off day shit dat she wear...if dats da case u shouldn't judge me off da shit dat u hear
Fuck the horses ! It's Dustin Hoffman for godssake !
Have a great performance tonight
People try to hard to fit in and be popular .
Yo Rome, are you getting any horses ready for Oak Tree?
Wishing and the boys the best, as the play #live music tonight at the cork, 5043 van nuys blvd. Sherman oaks. 8pm.
Today's agenda...decorating eggs, a gel pedicure, and finishing my article about and her magical book #FSS!
damn I slept like a princes last night. didn't even hear my friends leave.
Downtown acting a Fool
550 followers !!! 450 left come on TWITTER !!!
What was with that random dude who kept hugging cooper's mom?
Time To sleep after a crazy night ... Cross Country Flight to #CALIFORNIA in the early morning ☹
it would be awesome dont deny
I love going to a place where I get free wings
When the road ahead seems too long look back to see how far you've come.
We're the best <3
what is your email address?!
: Was he at #WI7? Swoon. Let me know about the app.
Thanks for the follow, good luck with the book.
Cure for Agenda21 = 6 - 8 year term limits, anyone over 50 yrs. have to take mental evaluation each year for Eccentric Behavior =Gone Looney
hello brotha man how are ya!
the dream is real Kenny god bless you and your family I appreciate now and long before...2620!!!
Tom Cat and Jerry mouse.
This American Life had to retract the #iphone story, but #workconnectsusall still, even #sxsw hipsters and poor Chinese toilers.
So pissed off on how this night is going... not enough girls...
I Was Going Thru My Call Log The Other Day And All I Saw Was Your Name, I Was Thinking What I'm Thinking This Girl Got Me Feeling Some Kinda
Hey I know you will do great on your first single and many more to come I hope you have a great day
Not so much! :) RT : evidentially the singing isn't very good ;)
I love Austin Lee Stevens(:
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.
Don't you mess up, mess up, I don't wanna lose you.
I need to stop eatin so much junk food
What u doing for your daughter birthday I ask n he said he didn't know ask u
It ain't Krav is someone doesn't get kicked in the nuts (according to my Krav teacher).
Just saw that Charles Napier died (RIP). Funny how the Russ Meyer films were suspiciously missing from his Brian Williams Obit.
Thanks for the RT you gorgeous thing!!!
what a nice tribute to your friends :)
yum...grilled cheese
Can't wait for #abduction to come out. Super excited and ready to watch on the big screen over the weekend.
Ground ball up the middle BASE HIT FOR GANTNER! Castillo SCORES and the Brewers again lead, 7-6!
Oh u fancy huh?, Oh u fancy huh? :-)
Just had a conversation about this w/a friend who wanted maid service as a gift for Xmas.
We realize we get a ~lot~ of AT&T bills, but sometimes it looks like the post office has stomped on them in a fit of rage.
Pretty fucking awesome weekend with friends in a TP cx, can't wait for next weekend to go to horror nights FUCKYEA (y)
Trick or treat?
Never mind me, it is showing up now... thanks for sharing.
OEL is one of the best prospects in the league and miele has a lot of potential, hobey baker winner. winnipeg fans are clueless
"She fills up every corner like she's born in black and white" --KT Tunstall--Suddenly I see
What does Larry Sanders between tip and the start of the game that requires him to go to the locker room?
I so wanted a vet to win. Maybe Rachel will win it. As long as Porsche doesnt win, I guess I wont be too dissapointed.
Theres no gr8ter feelin than seein Lexi smile big as she runs toward me full speed with her arms open to give me a hug.
miss you siss!:)
He's playing one of the Mandalay shows Friday at 5:30 if you're off :)
I think I was a bear in a past life. All I want to do is hibernate until exams are over.
Hi, when writing text messages in a novel should I Italicize or underline?
Hoping for the best! What doesn't kill you makes you stronger... Isn't that what they say... Let's hope it's true!
Now I feel like watching that.....
Happy Halloween Hoofers!
We are so glad you enjoyed it!
LETS.GO.BULLS
Thanks for the tweet! Any scent in particular catch your eye?
If someone was going to win, I'm glad it was the guy who uses a pink driver.
"Retweet" if you put your hope in Jesus!
I'm so doing the snakehead. Tonight or tomorrow!
Good stuff. Thanks. I might have to check that out. =)
Quick little shoutout to my baby sis who never talks to me, only retweets me lol #loveyoutoo :) best lil sis in the world
Imma blame how I'm feeling on eve. Gotta be cause no one has done anything to me and I'm snapping.
Kenny Lofton remains the only player to be traded and appear in both line-ups of one game.
Well so did you...so...yeah.
Impressions I'm getting from the too cool for school crowd: "There's only one way to do anything, and that's the way we do it." Smells like?
Oh. Yeah. I had to switch to hootsuite after that.
Jumping in the shower
Sorry to all my Boston friends, but I am hoping to see the Patriots get smacked today!
when you comming to the A we need some Quick in our lives!!!!!
Leaving work now to get to Miller Park! Go #Brewers!
#FromThisDayForward i will ignore everything she says
RT : ppl did not have to "fan" the page to get a bumper sticker so ppl who fan are more likely to be real fans
Is it true the believe tour tickets go on sale this week OMG I am freakin out...if they are I need to get them my actual life depends on it♥
That event has since passed, but it was a great workshop from !
Rise and shine #Philly! There's so much to do and to prepare for new candidates coming in the office today!
we gonna get think I'm crazy pt. 2 still?
First 3 songs off our upcomming album are mastered!! only 10 more to go! :) Hope your ready for this!!! =)
You mean this generations' John Lennon?
Have fun! ;) but don't get crazy.
Ive Seen And Read Worst
THANK YOU!!
Thanks for the motivation, got me in a better mindset to go out the door with! Got in 18.5 mi before the crazy day began!
RT Its been times when I would write a research ppr and short hand %80 of it
(it means you're obsessed with one direction)
Alrighty Ms. Gladys...lol. I see ya!!!
Yes, #4. You've been told to be proud of who you are. Never change for others. But that's not an excuse to be selfish and demanding.
That is the nicest thing I have heard in a very long time. (I hope you don't mind if I STEAL THAT IDEA.)
those are symptoms of a good night
Afraid to fly? Use your breath to calm your emotions.
Academies, soon to be a majority of secondary schools in England, are showing more signs of continuity than radi..
#IfYouDontBecomeAFan of One Direction, then you become a Directioner. :) xx
I saw that as I drove by yesterday. A good, long summer to enjoy Sea Salt sounds good to me.
Training Associates Press is the developer of
i look good af right now ;-) watch out!
AWESOME effort in the competitive Agility, Speed & Reaction drills w/ the guys today. Also worked on safe & efficient cutting/deceleration
I hate how you act around them. You treat me differently and you don't even care.
I don't want to know. I prefer to think of it as magic, rather than learn it's actually something disgusting or mundane.
Food! I knew I forgot something today! Had plenty of coffee today though.
Only fifteen minutes, hurry up! Come learn How to Build "To Go" and "Shelter in Place" kits in the Kyle Morrow room
My kid came home with her 1st note from the teacher..I'll read it after the boys play. Go Cowboys!!
Thanks again Nicole Hewitt for selecting to be shown at DC's Afro-Brazilian Arts & Cultural Festival!
Good question MT might be a tough post, but should try research on temp variation. +10 deg inc. 2 days in a row, then -20 deg?
no i haven't
You can’t change something unless you know it exists.
A new study has found significant rates of CTE among AD inpatients.
just slept for about 12 hours, feeling so much better
is gonna owe me $5.00 tomorrow!! :)
Operation TBI Freedom has many veterans running to help other vets.
congrats! RT : Thank you, Chicago Reader! Paul McGee voted Best Mixologist, Best Cocktail List & Best Cocktail Book Club!
CALL ME ASAP CHARLIE!
Nap before the gym !
Yes, Thanks, and u?
he sure did
Enjoy Lg/3-top pizza-$9.99 - MoSu- dine in,pick up or delivery. Bring in Dad on Father's day and treat him to a free scoop of ice cream!
Born This Way
Watching "Supernatural" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
SA takes what it can get.
Aw. So cute. Thanks for sharing with us fans. Congratulations
that's a joke
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.Cicero
Its 's birthday :) RT : 45 minutes until April 24th, just saying. ;)
1 month till tour begins. This will be a life changing experience. Let's make the best of it man.
FAI was wonderful. A delightful collection of people and music. Now onto CD proofs and booking! Happy Monday everyone!
LMFAO tn at Mansion! Free admission on my guest list before 12:00...send all names to 786 282 9112. It's going to be a
Conference call with Paul Fisher today... man he makes me nervous. Like I'm in front of greatness.
Can this lady leave....like now?
At my house, cat claw clipping is *always* followed by catnip. Felix used to come running (to me) when he saw/heard the clippers.
South Dallas Swag was the Shit . Lol
Interesting. But would adjuncts want to go out and start their own universities?
Old books sitting around? WE WiLL TAKE THOSE TO! $$$
I love Austin Mahone and My friends miss me :( Sorry girls :(
I definitely really like him as of right now, and I can definitely see myself loving him eventually.
“: White pants are in” I concur, Doctor.
Confront your fears and engage Parade Magazine #Elvis collectibles!
How exciting and what wonderful weather this week for training!
Are you thinking Downs can keep the job?
#ICanHonestlySay I can't wait for Football season to start. RT if you agree.
Won our first game. Waitng to play in the championship next
ANYONE---- whos nicole andersons boyfriend?! im so out of it :/
yes sir, H-town
sad!! What about the Poshmark party next week - I was thinking of going there too - would love to see you!!
sufficiently ROCKED the house!!
CAN I HUG YOU THEN!?
I was doin good, doin me last week .
That's what kind of man I am. You're just a woman with a small brain. With a brain a third the size of ours. It's science.
what's the sub-head?
smasha! Where are you?!
Preparing daughter for tonights prom. What a melancholy moment.The years go swiftly.
so are you Catherine's older sister or younger sister?
"Beer Hoptacular!" Adventures in Craft Beer Tasting, Home Brewing & DIY fun this June 4 & 5, Aragon Ballroom, Chicago confirmed! More soon!
= who I imagine I'm getting it on with when I'm with my GF
We are located on Monona Dr. & Cottage Grove Rd - stop in sometime!
I don't have shelves in my office. Just filing cabinets. So I can have invisible standards.
Who against the heat tonite?
I have some DJ's gigs for a catering company in San Antonio for events such as Weddings, Proms, etc with GREAT PAY and paid travel
Watching infomercials on mute is highly entertaining. The presenters are very expressive. Notice it more when you take their words away.
and thanks for keeping an eye out
She said...."whats a nugget sack" o_0....how thee f*#$ would I know!?!
The artist only sometimes says something about a work, but the work always says something about the artist.
another song? seriously? who knew this class had so many aspiring singers.
I don't see a single logical reason to support any candidate other than Ron Paul. Literally.
Just left my cousins house! what's up guys? :)
"The day I made that statement, about the inventing the internet, I was tired because I'd been up all night inventing the Camcorder."
you da best!
": When residents check out of the bldg it's usually groceries/dr Today I got: "going to watch the girls take their clothes off! WTF
That is an adorable pic
Honestly FUCK SCHOOL.
Looking to work on Pan Am Italian looking Will join Aftra to be on show
Rhe Chandler Jazz Festival helped me with that and now I have the news article to help me push to get into others. Me likey!
Im creating a series of noted around my house to remind me to workout :) lets go!
Lots accomplished today, alot more to do tomorrow, off to enjoy the rest of the evening, hope you all are well! see you all again tomorrow!
yehh you already know.
today is the day i do my taxes! *look of determination
justin by friend adores u so much and dreams that u follow him so please <3 follow him thns #swaggerboy love u
Well you're welcome (:
not just slow but jumping to smart people conclusions with our slowness. Aint nobody thinkin about no brain trauma.
who you calling "us?" you're in *marketing* - not exactly normal. :)
According to the HBR "Companies that garner world-class loyalty receive an NPS of 75% to more than 80%" in Q1 of 2011 reach a 79%
RT : Respect yourself so I can respect you
Birthday not coming FAST enough 12.9
love that song!
I'm 41 "Quite Noisy" but I mostly blame that on my RTs not my #MCDM hashtags :-)
your welcome anytime and hell yea I'm in the avengers!!!!
I'm about to be fat right now. Snacks on snacks on snacks.
#McNabb McNomore 7 completions for 39 yards ... that's not a single drive stats ... that's for the game ... *ouch*
smoking crack at the Cobb watching avengers with and
is literally the best person I've ever met
what's u doing
Earn a $50 AmEx gift cards for business account referrals. Call us 404.629.5200 to learn more.
After reading Hargrove's declaration, one things is clear to me: Gregg Williams is a dirty SOB
Where's my shot at love with Tila Tequila?!
Excellent #iMarketers event tonight with and Thanks to and team.
Good morning fam! Been up for 3 hrs already. :) Best job in the world.
A person who truely loves you Is someone who sees the pain in your eyes while everyone else still believes in the smile on your face..<3
A paywall like DMN's is the equivalent of saying "trust us, we're great."
Shouldn't the WordPress link in the footer of your site be pointing to .org (self hosted) and not .com? :)
Actually, Heracles is the Greek spelling, and Hercules is the Roman spelling. It's not really spelled wrong.
Youre either going to walk besides me or behind me because nobody walks ahead of me
great show on Vegas Inc..
..LOL..I'm hooked..just call me Ellie Mae..
Here comes the first of three exciting, fun, crazy weekends -with homework and quizzes as the break between.
You're still thinking about it #realitycalled RT : "Before you came into my life I missed you so bad" =great line.
Wolverine is the Batman and Robin of the X-Men franchise. Surprised it didn't kill the franchise.
I love how and both retweeted me and never followed me... No I shouldn't be complaining at least I got notice.
There are only 4 days left until elections. Vote this #Nov8 for a Republican State Senate.
Game ends on a diving Braxton Miller TD run that the refs said the edge of his foot was on the line. Final score 20-14 Scarlet anyway.
WHAT WOULD YOU LIKE FOR ME TO DO
Colombians have so much pride for there country, its overwhelming.
baaaaaabieeeeee!!!! AH!!! SO CUTE!
A Suffolk man who has lost a life-changing 40 stone - more than half his former body weight - now needs an operation to remove excess skin.
I can't even stay chill..
hybrid icing sounds like it should involve green lines instead of blue ones.
.. they left us in 3's. Don Cornelius, Etta James now Whitney
Yes! I long for the day when those tickers at the bottom of the TV screen can be turned on and off via remote.
I hope you went to church
unprivated it, thanks man
Tracy Morgan for president!
Ace of the 1st line of the Mu Beta Chapter of ΣΑΙ Spr. 2K12 #1 Miss Repeat Sign
it's australia day! time to find a bbq and a beer
Anyone else think 2012 is going to be "The Year We Brought Comic Creators' Rights Issues to Light"?
Sioure to soon realease Internet Marketing and SEO Strategies
Pharrell isn't even hip hop bro. Get your facts straight.
Perhaps but it's Cinco de Derby... IDK if I can.
great workout with ! ready for an even better dinner!
Planning a bday party for 2 friends. Wish it was just buying a cake with candles and giving them a barbie or toy truck. 25yrlds r demanding
i'm going for 3.
Editing what we've shot so far from #LearnFromTheMaster and it's looking great!!! Is #DSLR the way to go??? I still like #Film - #16mm -
I bet you're SO excited to finally see me tomorrow!
I got you my dude, had a few complications over the weekend, I spoke to Black about it. 2morrow fo'sho
This mix tape is simply amazing.
make your special flavors and cruise times highlights on your timeline!
Thanks for the follow. What part of Memphis you rep.
Today was terrible, I feel disheartened. I'd like to hide from the world for a while.
What's that? Plagued by a case of the Biebers? I'm sorry, ma'am. It's incurable. He'll just keep coming back
Comment section on Naright has lost it. People, in all sincerity, are saying Lil B isn't getting his proper respect
I've consumed so many chocolate-covered espresso beans in the last month they've become their own food group.
As a non-profit theatre rep I have a bit of techno-lust after some of these awesome tools that are financially out of my reach.
8:21. Just arrived at Spence Farm. The sun is a shining and the winds a blowing!!!
RT : We are a family place, a great date spot BUT you haven't been @ the bar yet...there are singles here ; )
nice to "meet" you...
hey nothin much just got off work n now spendin time with my family. I will try n see if it works. Ty hon.
lol we miss your sarcasm and your funny random remarks!
Hope all is well and look forward to our next spirited debate! We miss having you in studio but hope youre enjoying the road
#BrianWesbury to #LPR2011 - when a plane crashes -- does anyone question Bernoulli? NO! Capitalism is like fluid dynamics, it works.
The most beautiful-est thinkg abt the trip? The Savages have NO CLUE they are going.
yay!!:) <3 are Freddie and Sam gonna date this season?(:
Would you rather be convicted by the Spirit now, or judged by God later?
in the rio grand you mean :b
feeling super violent today! need to go boxing in lieu of punching someone on the street in the face! ah #Rawr!
Since DH & I can't seem to get a date night on the books; we r keeping our sitter an extra hour today to have a happy hour together :)
Fuck Herman Cain! He's an idiot token and molester
thanks for the mention, Jorge!!
yo why can't I get cheese fries at 10:30am??
... On the other hand, men with premature ejaculation suffer from a disturbed speed of ejaculation, but do have intact orgasmic sensation.
Hm... Wonder why I've been awake for an hour already...
Lolla line up.
Yeah, I need a wider screen with all the tabs I have open just to social networking. I just try not to repeat myself.
#ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo trying on ten different outfits just to end up wearing the first one you tried on. LOL
Ya feel meh? Nobody ever feels meh.
hi! so exciting.
Best deals on poker stuff!!! www.eproducts4less.biz
Young Adult
do the 'Skins know what they are doing? trade the future away and franchise a player who was suspended 4games.
RT : #SuperBowl nothing wrong with this game a debris caution can't fix.
Good morning! Off to Yankee Stadium we got for All-U commencement! #graduation!
Are you in Hattiesburg
;-) motivating all the way around!!! Me too, btw!
regrets really do collect.....Thanks Florence and the Machine.
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the hell is the ceiling.
preach, sister.
I took a 3 hour nap this afternoon... Totally know how you feel
"hey girl, how you doing? My name is Charlie, last name Wilson. & I was wondering if I can take you out, show you a good time"
A little girl, asked where her home was, replied, "where mother is." ~Keith L. Brooks
what's good my g
#Thatawkwardmoment when you realize it was just a dream
General Douglas MacArthur~ Americans never quit.
Basketball is like photography, if you don't focus all you have is the negative. #lovethesport 👍❤🏀
I am joining ping.fm so that all of my blogs, etc. are up to speed... :)
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
Thanks for the #FF!
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned. - Buddha
:l I can't find no movie to put me to bed either... The last one was crazy AF... Hellpp!
Some life. LOL
wat u doing this weekend
Forget a white Christmas.. I'll take one with lots of sunshine! #chillinginMexico :)
I don't want to go to school today.
Liquor store open?
Shavua tov Twitterworld. What a gorgeous Saturday in Atlanta, and a very delicous #Shabbos too.
Who was She-Ra today? Yep, that's me, sawing branches down by hand!
U R a big lair
no worries, thanks for trying
Breaking: POTUS is using the royal "We..."
We appreciate all of you who follow Poised Creation in Kansas City!
yea dude he's on his way.
A lot of people don't put in enough effort. They expect too many things, but aren't willing to give.
Forecast for Today: Partly sunny this morning. Then becoming mostly cloudy. A slight chance of showers this...
Let's do something tomorrow.!(:
I survived an earthquake?
hope you are having fun! miss you :)
He's right it's not.
Just one more fight about your leadership and I will straight up leave your shit cause I've had enough of this!
thanks 4 the followback! if you need shears or sharpening call text or tweet! my new webstore will be up very soon!
It's also NDAA, HR 347, voting that employers can demand FB pw's--all in the last few months.
I would think the advertisers would need to do an ad that was actually engaging in the first place to engage in return.
Tough, but Duke just choked (no thanks to refs) so I'll trade the unfortunate for jubilance! That's
In a good mood. I really want to learn more about all the military branches. Wished I could join the navy.
Lets go !! My boy #TomBrady is about to do his best #DanielDayLewis impression... Sorry
my boyfriend is the sweetest <3
wow, that's awesome. Can't put a price on something like that when it comes from the best.
. some of them might not be suitable for the masses! ;)
Yes Ma'am they are performing! Hope all is well!
they all basically the same thing to & they end the same way
Most exciting moments in sports, last 2 mins in BB or Philly/Pitt shaking hands after 2 nites sweep by the Flyers!
If you watch Field of Dreams backwards it's about a son guilting a father into leaving then doing everything in his power to keep him away.
My coworkers and I swoon and watch the guy instead of work. Its a very important YouTube relationship. We Love you guy.
Bruce Lee on Batman?!
and people who eat inappropriately loud snacks.
Fear is the enemy of will. Will is what makes you take action; fear is what stops you, and makes you weak.
in the studio with making ridiculous
IT'S HARD TO LOOK RIGHT- AT YOU BABY.
Michelle Shocked and Eric Byler were arrested at
As usual, free guest wireless is worth the money I paid for it. Port 993 is a perfectly legitimate SSL protocol!
that sounds like an oxymoron
#jealous RT Today's objective: Become a Santa Cruz beach bum. ;-)
RT : Top 10 stupid Twitter tricks. Follow no one, accept no follows, and tweet to yourself
": Thank you for the great conversation today at lunch! #TeamWork" good things ahead!
Looking forward to participating in "Social Media Marketing" book launch event tonight at USA Today!
has the worst baggage service dept EVER. Ques can't B answered + bags can't be found!
i don't even know you and i know you betta keep yo ass in skool
You Aint Never Seen Nun Till Ya Seen Ce!
you have no body fat sir. Pretty sure I can win this hands down. When I get back from CO, it is on like donkey kong!
Thanks for the follow back - hope you had a great weekend :)
I know. We have Hulu Plus, so I get them right away! Boo-yah! Too bad my hubs wants me to cancel. :(
i think someone hacked my twitter.
so beautiful
You can't spell studying without dying.
#TOP OF THE MORNIN#
*sigh*..at least they are consistent...
In Bellevue, we used to mock you losers in Woodinville. Heathens
BofA to layoff 10,000. That's like 5x my high school...
You sir, can suck it. Jerk.
#NeverTrustAGuyWho dosent wanna be seen with you in public because then hes just a dirty dog
Thanks to the The Costanzas for having us out to the Opolis last night! We had a great time and it was a good show!
I shoulda known:-) People don't realize how much bartering can help them! I do partial and full barters - always have!
yea really
If you need to get your feelings out, Im a great person to talk to... Just a DM away <3 :)
He gonna get atleast 5 RT : Two game suspension and lets keep it moving...They are going to talk this to death...
i really cant type because doctors keep coming in and josh snuck me a laptop we were walking by our hotel cause we stayed at the bea
My girlfriend is a very angry person 0_o
Snap Chat Overload, but I don't hate it.. 😳😜😲😠 SNAP CHAT FACES
Nice, solid win. Gutted it out. Hopefully they can keep it going on the road on Sun RT : Final: Indiana 73, Michigan 71.
Ahh, I have learned new things! What a skate is & that I am not at all sure I want to eat one. xS
Sad times at
this headache needs to go fuck itself.
Darn it.. I think I watched the best of my new movies so far the rest is turning out to be crap
Lil Kim Think Cuz she Fucked Biggie She Tight...
Parisian blonde cocktail at smugglers cove made me sad.really sad
Interesting fact. RT When you go more than 3 hours without food, your body begins to store fat and slow calorie burn.
obligatory #FireSpaz tag? Obligatory
15 minute sports marketing presentation to our client this morning. Welcome to the real world.
Within a block of San Diego Civic Theatre & Lyceum, Dobson's draws many theater-bound patrons at dinnertime. Be sure to make a reservation.
i luv u no matter wat cc.....im gonna keep u and ur fam in my prayers..#keepyourheadup..just remember he gone be back someday
Crosswind here keeps knocking ball off tee :-/
naw. I'll be in NY workin. Have fun though!!
Great musical tonight
Hey bitches, if you don't know my best friend, who are you to call her a slut? I've heard a ton rumors about you, too.
There are no traffic jams when you go the extra mile. ~Attributed to both Zig Ziglar and Dr. Kenneth McFarland
How is Jake's? I saw it from the bus yesterday, and it looks good now that I see the menu.
Phew. Back in Phoenix, 16 hour travel day to get here - and the flight was on time! Six mile run to loosen up, then back to work.
Happy National Dessert Day! Enjoy something that will most certainly get stuck in your beard!
chiefs chiefs chiefs
I really want some!!! Hope the bloody marys are good!
Someone took over the stage !!
Jeff Mauro just won the seventh season of "Food Network Star" by making terrific sandwiches.
yes i get it. TROLOLOL IM HYPER
but I do like cooler weather! I'm sick of it being like 80s and 90s erryday.
looking for blog-techie genius to modify wordpress theme code for not much money, hopefully in Austin, know anyone?
At what seems to be nice restaurant in JFK and plastic knives! REALLY?
Hey, you think because we're just a bunch of chicken heads there doesn't have to be some kind of order around here?
But can the Knicks do it again That's the question
We're 50 fans away from 500 fans on our #fb page. We're giving away a $50 gift card when we get there. facebook.com/moestavernandgrill
Personal training at Equinox and been getting ready for a CFL tryout next Sat.
is exercising her brain.
THATS COOL. WHAT ONE?
(c) that gives you no fucken right to sit there and talk shit. why cant you stfu and just support Justin?! Damn I swear ppl are fucken dumb.
haha thanks :) hope yours went well!
Sorry about the WiFi issue yesterday. Can you provide some details for us? Was there a signal but you weren't able to connect, etc.?
thanks for the mention. New update with some more features coming today or tomorrow.
lmaooo i was jk anyways! :p
The year has just flown.
Nothing like a good creative brainstorm!
When in doubt, bring up a US open cup victory. Classic.
Unfollowed someone 5 xs and it keeps following her back on its own. Wouldn't be an issue if she didn't think I was a devil worshipper.
Vancouver Canucks have something to worry about-THE BOSTON BRUINS-
Congrats for 7 Grammy noms!!! Chi City!!!
I just made my first grad student loan payment. I'm filing it under a $501.57 Christmas present to myself. Or something. (Kill me.)
“: I wanna shout out, "Omg who the hell cares?!" Then leave class lol” lmfaoooo
Every breath you waste on hate and ignorance is a lost sigh of contentment.
#childhoodmemories falling off a slide after climbing up backwards onto the CONCRETE playground
"You might think I'm crazy. This chance to rendezvous. You might think I'm crazy. All I want is you."
I still haven't finished my homework,
Your beautiful <3
u need to think about ur loss and killurself 3 times lls
Good shit bro👏👏 RT : NU next year ! Let's go
Endtroducing DJ Shadow blowing my mind again like it did 15 years ago. It's easy to forget.
Learn who your prospects are and cater your content to them.
Thanks for the follow! Following you back! HA!
I wish I could skype with one day ♥
So sleepy ^_^
I'm going to have a bad hair day tomorrow...
Another sweet spot: eportfolios for students. Start with one teacher. Joyce Valenza
Something I've never said b4..I don't think I ate enough food yesterday. Tank felt a little empty this morning. 11.5 miles.
This pre-game show with DickeyV and Bob Knight is awesome!
What's with the new layout? Actually kinda alright :P
We're so glad you love it!!! RT : Thank you for the most amazing experience of my life. Can't wait to live there!
thanks hun, send me you email address and I will email you info...Thanks!!
must be some serious humidity going on. i look like a lighter haired version of roseanne rosannadanna tonight... eek!
I admittedly know nothing about them. After being this close, I want to know more. Wow.
The mind is full of unconscious static, tracking back to the very depths of infant memory.
let's get some tweets going in here!! :)
wicked cool!
Haha, ok. Nothing a beer on a sunny afternoon can't fix. Cheers!
There will be 4 men at church today. Why? - it's the accepted answer to the question: what do you want to do today dad? Happy father's day!
RT : Reminder: Daylight Saving in the US is on Nov 6 @ 2am. Make sure to fallback with another
As if you need another reason to hate Mickelson, he wears a watch while he plays. Got someplace to be Phil??
Okay I definitely will. So watcha up to?
hell yeah member when she did the splits and popped it
Thankful for seesters who come to my house to p/u stuff to take to storage while I'm at work.
Last time I looked at personal insurance was in early 2000s. Offerings have prob gotten much better by now.
ohi'm so sorry
Wow. Didn't expect that, honestly.
Ah I dnt want to wake up at 4am tomorrow
In moderation:/
Thank you! ;) RT : Happy Mother's Day
“: Translation? RT : me quiero ir de natación.”lol......I wanna go swimming
New quote from a client: "RealPractice/ReplyWise does a superb job designing a website and doing web marketing at a very reasonable cost.”
My brother drunk my last half and half so I just declared war.
Today was a bad full house episode. There was a problem, someone whined, and then it was solved and everybody moves along.
If I had to choose between breathing and loving Austin, I would use my last breath to tell Austin that I love him.
apt. Thank you.
Ring of Crying | Alcabano
Swag. Purple. Canada. Leggo. Never say Never. RT if you thought of Justin Bieber ♥
Im the new chair of a local scholarship program;would u like 2 donate some items 2the contestants in return 4ad in program?
Because the light at the end of the tunnel is Jersey. Rangers vs. Devils tonight at 7. Check it!
Damn! I wasn't prepared for that one!
Up and at it —
loving you is easy because your wondeerful
oh what'd you get?!
Yeah you know I wanna supah freak
RT : Proud to say that I began my career as a #Boilermaker the same day did. Will be graduating with him this...
Back from Ramsey Park, and Full of Zen-ness. I was a bird. I was a blade of grass. I was all the blades of grass.
We're looking forward to serving a lot of Jimmy Luv Bloody Marys
ENCORE #AU ENCORE
Say, were you in the Higher Ed BoF? I showed up late and couldn't get in. Worthwhile/valuable?
Q4: A major challenge is a lack of political will to do what's really needed to equalize education opportunity
For once, I am with my #nemesis on this one. That is a skinny hipster kid if I ever saw one...
- LOL I shared this one on our Facebook page! haha One of the better ones we had yesterday for sure! Enjoy tonight's game E!
congrats to the Cardinals...now for real...bai tweets...movie time...
Poverty mindset will always bring you lack. You attract that which you are comfortable with. Get uncomfortable attract success
Do they really soak anything up? I see a lot of taunting/harassing of the panhandlers and all that. Senior year egos run amok.
They better sound the trumpets in Utah because their won't be any jazz music being played, more like mariachi music down in San Antonio. LOL
If you find a tape recorder in the basement, don't play it...ever!
I just wanna love the ppl that love me. Idc about nobody else and their drama.
You do a really good job on the TV broadcasts and as old as I am, I still learn something every time I listen to you do a game.
Congrats to Deluhery, WINNER of the Bloody Mary Challenge . She guessed 45 bloodys on #Facebook & we sold 47...
You know you're up too early when you have to wait outside for the greasy spoon to open.
sounds like a metal orgy
you already know
i saw You the other day! I tapped on yo shoulder!
yeah yo Florida thug ass.
Love the gorgeous e-mail with dessert #truffles.My favorite is Creme Brulee with Jasmine
how's that even possible?! Also, locals here talk down LOL in favor of HON so I never hear about it.
Im workin HARD!!!! The $treet$ Go HARD BUT I GO HARDER(n my Yo Gotti voice
Omg I had the awsome dream... Well ett had you in ett?
That's a greatly informative, well written piece!!!
Albert Gray~The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work
actually make that a yes. this will hopefully be fun hahaha
My friend is deleting his account.
RT : RIP Whitney Houston, a Legend and great American artist. And always, one of Newark's and New Jersey's treasured daughters.
Dare to reach out your hand into the darkness, to pull another hand into the light. ~Norman B. Rice
Keshia was acting up on that one visit man
msg me your number or anything so that I can send it to you☺
I had such a great time @ The Couch! RT : Karaoke w/ ! Where's and ?
i dont know la im tryin mto see when my lil sista gone get her apt cause i aint movin back wit my daddy
Aww, thank you:) love you too! <3
What am I going Thru ... Ya'll Baby child Now got a Child <---but We dealin with Childish Ish from Senior Children plus er body below Dem!
Thank you! Happy New Year!
SKY. WALKER. LIVING. THE. DREAM.
" I don't want to have a baby!!!" --quote of the night.
Great rationale for Chief Content Officer - figure out/run process to extract info to feed content marketing
excited to see your #creativity mojo flowing!
what cho number girl?
Lol, you're sweet. I have a rough draft of a review started & want to talk over some ideas w/you. :)
Anyone offering state- or company-financed life/health insurance to the bar/tavern employees who have to inhale smoke?
nba jams right now for the love it
please follow me!<333333
If what? Don't leave us hanging, man! RT If some retarded stupid idiotic old man scolding me for no apparent reason.
RT : I miss my bros// Miss you too sis!!
do you love your mahomies? ♥ I LOVE YOU
you're so wonderful! <3 just added on facebook :)
high stranger lol. keep doing ya thing i'm lovin it
I was just cracking up over you tweeting about some woman's chest haha. Love Ben Bailey. Best Cash Can host fershure.
enjoy my brother :) everyone else gets to listen in a week ^_^
use blankets
i love you guys!! TRUE STORY!!
thanks for the multiple hugs and being so awesome tonight!
THANK YOU Randy Newman for your quote on my project - You are a Mensch! Ro
Like the remix
You can't expect me to be fine...I can't expect you to care
im obsessed with the whole album lol especially drummer boy haha
Saying thanks to great people like you sometimes does not do justice for the gratitude we have for ya!
The Goby was wreaking havoc on the local eco-system. The only good thing scientists could say was that it ate a lot of zebra mussels.
Go outside [no clasrm] with your stds, tell them that millions of youth around the world are crying for classrooms!
travelled overseas a bunch. What's up?
"All I Need Is A Foot In The Door, Dammit Give Me A Toe"!
Dinner w/ Next stop DBA w/ 1/2 & all of
follow and please :D x86
WHIP CREAM WALLSTREET......Also FUN !!!!!
Best of show goes to ! For their Scion interactive game and site. Congratulations!! Time to celebrate!
Merry Christmas Everyone!
Most energy drinks have around 75 mg except for 5 Hour Energy which has 207 mg despite being 1/4 the size of a Red Bull.
yay ;D lol we need to chill
RIP BIGGIE SMALLS
Mason. Its a jar. Or half of a line. Not a name of a person, IMO.
For a limited time, buy our kid's &quot.pop-up book app&quot. for 99 cents =]
So what's the #LTDArmy up to today?
Ryan Cain is 22! My awesome brother (many sources will confirm he's the cooler Cain) deserves nothing less than the happiest of birthdays!
Apprct it! Thanks for all your hard work on the Weeknd Business podcast. I got a lift every time I heard that bit of theme music.
“Well that was the silliest tea party I ever went to! I am never going back there again!” ― Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland
Having been up since 1 a.m., I always try to stifle a smirk when Twitter begins to explode right about now. . .
iwill see the Lord one day
Just booked Frankie Vega for Aug 1st Baltic Room! Watch out Seattle.
its intended to be an antique hair pin.
I think I fell asleep before 10 last night while watching the Heat. Lol. Who won?
send me an email and I'll sort you out.
If you are interested in being a bachelor for our next event, join us tonight at 7:30 PM for more information!
Definitely! Keep up the great work guys!
Got cleansed though conversation. Thank you Lord for GOOD people!
After a long day at Austin Reggie Fest... nothing beats having dinner DELIVERED to you! Call EAT OUT IN tonight! 512-346-9990
RT : #Acting is ironic: One must fight for a life of action, but the craft is about reaction.
hell yeah! Hope we see you there!!!
I feel like I had so much home work over this weekend, but I don't care.....
you do promo?
This just keeps getting worse!
you know me all to well! Lol
drink a big ass canister of water and vinegar
Late for work! < Reason for being late ☺! No sleep all day; wtf am I gonna do! Hope it goes by fast.
palisades with Antonia
could u say that again I just like the sound of it!
lmao cut my veins and it's pure blue baby
Power bring out sucks but meant hastily put together grilled dinner and actually being able to see stars.
How much information about the American Presidency can one retain in four hours? We're about to find out.
File under things I will never get: Why users think that a story, with a clear AP byline, was written by FOX because it's in our skin.
Brooks Conrad is a bum also... BRING BACK KEITH GINTER!
I wish I could retweet your tweets...
A big Woof out to you!
Starting to feel alive again & ready for another 20 hr day at The Texas Frightmare Weekend!!
yea I knoe how dat is
It is so rainy here
My pussy is addictive because .I'm a #Aquarius I stay wet
We're always here to take care of your Dub needs :) RT : I was walking by & heard dub step music. +2 points
Congrats for being one of most innovative people in business. I'll run to that!
give me 2 weeks bro and I'll be good to ride!
Do it. RT : Are you looking for updates on Md. schools? Follow , and
Lmao. What song is that off
Me-"If I'm not mistaken, the bus driver was just flirting with me" abby-"if I'm not mistaken, he was"
I'm gonna say this one more time, BLACK FOLKS please tell your kids to say yes sir and no sir to white people with a gun, theyll live longer
"The harder I work, the luckier I get." - Samuel Goldwyn
Tumblr > Twitter > Facebook > MySpace
We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence, and its only end. - Benjamin Disraeli
Congrats! :) RT : Ah. In my robe, beautiful glass of Zin. Great day of Rock the World & can't wait to see u tmrw!
My neck HURTS..
Hi Rudy, thx for the follow. If you have an iPhone, check out our app - RAVN Events. Would love to hear what you think.
Seen the #Chronicle today? Check out the special screenings section. The RBB screenings is what up!!! Hellz yeah!!!!
Nice Jennifer Hudson. Chicago love.
"I DONT DO ALL THE TALKIN" ADD that before I add it to mine. Hit me back so I can show u my shirts. They are Nasty Quotes!
So is vodka with sweet tea! Great summer cocktail! #Iheartvodka RT Whiskey in Iced Tea is pretty yum!
I LOVE SUSHI!! With Ross right now pigging out
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. ~Winston Churchill
ur dad wanted me to tell u that u tweet too much (;
Happy International Pillow Fight Day!
WTH!! The silent bat syndrome strikes again. >___<
I should get my mom set up with video calls so she can see her chubby grandson in action. Not that there's much action yet.
#Schiff, Cleopatra: A Life. One of the great things about book club is reading excellent books I'd never pick up, like this reinventing bio.
Oh, sad. Glad you found the owner and your dog is healing...
TO WHAT IS WASHINGTON REFERRING TO WHEN HE STATES, “THE GOVERNMENT SOMETIMES PARTICIPATES IN THE NAT…
I found weisswurst without problems. Challenge accepted.
For wedding flowers, choose flowers that are in season and grown locally.
Love is blind. Friendship tries not to notice. - Anonymous
Damn near unwatchable.
now you know how i feel
Um yeah I'll have a coke. And some fries. Oh and one of those happy meal toys. Do you take monopoly money?
#afam12nu how do we negotiate black studies departments being the conscience of university and being successful administrative units?
I'm with the Lakers when we get our ass kicked and when we are showing off our banners... Day 1 Laker fan
Sure is! RT: Ding ding, there goes the trolley - such an awesome asset for our tourists to use to get around town!
Where is your favorite place to run in Vancouver? Especially on a sunny day like today?
I won't give up on us even if the skies get rough <3
One more cup of coffee. My body does not function without 2 or 3 cups in the morning.
A2: Agree with many, PRSA luncheons and activities are the best places to make a personal connection..
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down. -OW
no actually when i sent you that email asking you to do that i actually did want you to do that.
Ima do me .. So dont try to PLAY me !”)
well good night twitter,,, for now
Definitely got sunburn today...
What sort of godless Communist isn't down with #rapperswithbananas?
Ill be your friend, or i could be your 2nd girlfriend (;
They fight constantly and I finally brought it up to her the other day because it's upsetting her but she can't stop
Hey any contact info for austin artists who want to participate in #HDYD?
I'm in Anaheim with no car...
It's the imperfections in life that make it perfect.
"In P.E. class, there's always that one person who thinks it's the damn olympics."omfg so true!
#RIP Maurice Sendak, so many great memories with my dad reading your stories, you will be missed
good choice, be prepared to be overwhelmingly busy :) mostly just be prepared. Good Luck after HS!
hello who wants to deliver me chicken n00ds soup please and thank you
Where are you taking Mom this weekend? Go to: or
this by far is the greatest tweet in the history of tweeting
no matter what my px width is, it still tiles. Suggestions?
Hey there!! :) How have you been!?
miss you times a million
Thanks for the follow. Horror scares me but I like being thrilled.
the Kitten on Aristocats has your name (:
Tell me about it, stressed to the max. Still with the Bucks.
you need to make ur way out here to see, Pastor Friend!
How's the offseason workouts going
I'm only happy when I'm naked.
Any cool startups in Panama doing interesting things? Tell me more!
Outstanding! Thanks, everyone! We'll spread the word.
“: Life is easier when you arent complaining, worrying or stressing about bullshit.” words to live by yo
only 6 weeks til I am in Hawaii!!!
Apple is defining the performance/capacity of flash Johnathon Violin Memory
sure you do :p
That's great - one less thing to pack!
save some for S. Carolina!! xo loves..
of course not. Shoot me
Warm wishes for a happy holiday season from all of us at Baldwin, Kagan & Gormley!
Just read the blog post. Somebody should tell Ms. Rodriguez that it's a week too late for April Fools jokes.
Yay. And then some.
thank you bff I knew you would be the first one I love you more let's get it 26dsyz my baby!
RT Not even can save you tonight, #LetsGoRangers #NYR (via )
are you a ball-hog or tugboat?
found a great #organic and #glutenfree restaurant close to me! Can't wait to check out in Studio City!
I LOVE YOU TOO (;
Ready, set #kbis! Great new looks at cambria
I need to do it. I just can't.
Two. More. Weeks. Two! More! Weeks! TWO! MORE! WEEKS!
Loving new home page featuring news from social media perspective. take notes!
Good Wednesday morning, Twitterverse. And Happy New Comic Book Day! Check out the good stuff at your local comic book store today!
Glad to see you on here! I'm newer to this too so nice to run into someone I've worked with...hope you'll follow back!
5 easy (why???!) midday TM miles at 10%. Go figure.
Lady Ga GA is so awesome. NYU chics rock!. Im on a rooftop Downtown, LA humming Papparazzi!
Apparently I was singing "Pop, Lock, and Drop It" at the top of my lungs for almost an hour
I see a blog in my future...stay tuned.
Hair went killa
Hope you are not w/ former U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney....If so LOOK OUT!
Our homegirl would be excited to chat set something up with you.
It's a great day to get tan.. with a friend! Refer a friend to a membership today, mention this ad, and you'll both receive a free upgrade!
^_^ yayy my day has just been made .
#Happy Mother's Day to all great my great mothers.
nice. Are you working 19?
Union Station! is true, PIERRE wil be sahring lunch with you tomorrow!....Stay hungry my friends!
RT : Need more Debussy in your life? Free Stop, Look and Listen! this Saturday, 3:30PM, at the !...
pizza myth? : No, seriously. We've been eating pizza for nine hours.
Home is wherever I'm with you.
Agreed. RT Great job at #TechPoint this morning
Day 3 live coverage starts tomorrow at 7 p.m. on ESPN 2 and there's live streaming of the event on ESPN 3
Why is Richard cotton and now the oracle of the Internet? grt 2have one side what about the other?
we were there all day Friday (camped over night) then all day Saturday, until the big storm and our tent flooded. we left 9:30
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT....HOUSTON'S BEST FEMALE ENTERTAINMENT!!!!
Going riding tomorrow instead of going to school! Yayyyy.
Why do teenagers say they are doing something (homework, chores) when they are really on facebook?
Wish I was coming too!! Enjoy and can't wait to hear about it!!
Well I mean, almost all of my friends are virgins. But I've always got #MyOneVirginFriend that you can just tell hasn't gotten laid... LOL:)
Jessie Tsai speaking on major transcription project of calligraphy diaries and how they made them accessible & relevant online.
“Don’t tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.” George Patton
you be pop locking to classical music huh. Lol
Today is going to be a great day. Because I said so.
I was wondering why he was wearing heels!
Getting ready for tonight!!!
Yes, fixed a lot with patches. Was running a water-cooled xfire machine oc and ran like crap still. Wasnt ready for launch.
Can it just rain so hard one day that school gets canceled? Instead of snow it's rain and the school gets so flooded that we go home
is right. Only she can touch me. :) I love her
Having to wait until 8pm is the only bad part about being in vegas...
Something's gotta give
You need a guy who will see you wearing sweats, hair messy, and no makeup and the first thing he says is, "damn you look beautiful."
lol AYE NOW
Why has Mejia's stock fallen so much? All I hear about anymore are Harvey, , & Familia. Did the surgery go poorly?
yeah I find nothing Travis does threading or scary anymore.
Dislocated patella for Davis...for those Who don't know what a patella is, its your knee cap
My Bestie hacked me and today lol
We will be out from 1:00pm-4:00pm having fun spreading the word about Roderick D. Vereen for Congress 2010 Punch
im sorry i can't be perfect, at least i try,
Soaking in gratitude for our team. Simply the best.
What's the best example of an institution using digital content?
what took u so long wtf ;)
yeah I got those too
What part of "I'm sick so I'll probably be calling you to pick me up early" do you not understand, dad?
a lil? Hah jkjk :) its good, walked all around campus & now I'm eating at this steak place, still waiting on my food though -_-
Biggest loser- Yankees or Rangers. I know this involves Lee, but still think it is an interesting question.
At least you're loyal and dont just ships, like (Fake Met fan for Yankees)
wait Nevermind I already know
oo damn gona smack a bitch
Williams comments were worse than fuzzy Zoeller's comments at Augusta, and fuzzy lost millions because of it. Williams proves he has noclass
Who out there lives in Toronto?
Pittsburgh Steelers 7 Washington Redskins 16 Final #steelers #redskins #nfl (Via )
I love you Always reminding me why I dance...
I hope you alright!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEAUTIFUL
Time for everyone to test and buy 40 pack of condom boxes or get married.
Mushroom tip. I just got that! haha
it's now FBO!! Gtb mike =)
Catch us if you can with the hood down on this ☀sunny day ! 🔥✨✌💨💨😂
Aweh I loved that one too (: and really ? That is weird (:
I'm looking to speak with someone on the Goodhue county wind turbines in
That's Awesome! Day 1= Success.
Friends, we're building playlists. Holler at us if you have music up on Spotify!
then play cod tonight ass
Newspapers are an important part of our lives. Not to read of course, but when you're moving you can't wrap your dishes in a blog- S.Colbert
Waiting on a News Conference from Spring, TX
Bye bye Aufstieg
Happy International Women's Day!
Well well.....r u a bride to be or groom to be? I have the perfect venue for you !!! Call me 3017411614. It's right on the water front!
At the rate I'm going, I'll be unburied from the #rootstech conference right about the time I need to leave for the
S/O to ya'll.
You're welcome!
IT'S YOU!!!! Let me win, let me FEEL it, retweet me!
okay good. She really needs a guy like you.
hey can u wish my friend teyera(tiera) from indianapolis,Indiana a happy BIRTHDAY on ustream today her (b-day APRIL 6)
relax, still navy but separated
Need to get someone who can head a cross as well. I have Teal in my club team, but he doesn't fit this game.
sorry im not there to be dead money in the cabin game. Make sure to hit up that pizza place again as it was pretty legit.
at this point can only confirm Booker, but the talent appearances continue to be released!
Could eveyone look in their Starbucks for the metal cup with metal straw for me please.
I am speechless.. I saw your workout dedicated to and figured you were doing only bi's and forearms..
": Ladies... Yall prefer men w facial hair?" Yes, clean cut and looking suave. I'm a sucker for a goatee..
That fuckin Sinatra! RT : they buried him with my money
We should!
Mad world.
To all the ladies who didn't get this text..."Good morning beautiful!"
There is no energy crisis, only a crisis of ignorance. (Very true)..
Haven't moved in yet, still busy packing & cleaning. The new place isn't totally finished just yet.
@ the reading promotion partners meeting at the Center for the Book in.the Library of Congress.
/ ...And you 2, black and white chose to verbally assault one another on television? Knock it off.
Interesting article re: NCAA RFP. Is there somewhere it's publicly available to review?
Awesome to hear! Hope you enjoy your SF visit and have a happy holidays!
Thirsty for scintillating conversation with the most interesting people in DC? Who's up for a #dcdrinkup the week of January 16?
No matter what accomplishments you make, somebody helped you. -Althea Gibson
I'm of the belief that Perkins hurts more than he helps.
Very little I'm not interested in; thus the luxury of apathy re: cars and sports.
Stake and Shake... Is that a new restaurant that vampires don't like?
-Lol thanks n okay no mo pics today haha-!!
the white M11 earloops were just released. We should get those this month. We can special order the white 7500 earloops for you.
Judge Alex ain't playing!!!!
Yes. Good for you.
When post st patty's day results in only a few bruises and a broken nail i would call the night a sucess
perfect! Let's do something this weekend please! Something exciting!
#TheSkipTebowLeBronMovie. Father son and holy ghost. Tebow, the father, skip, the son who loves tebow unconditionally...
THE TRANSITION continues ... Hard to endure - can be harder to observe! Smh
#lt that rant video is so relevant. everyone should check it out
Great promo for Draft Analyzer with ESPN Insider on ESPN.com's home page www.espn.com thank you and
totally bizarre! I feel dumb even trying to troubleshoot the issue - a bunch of search results attempt to help w the problem
im hoping maybe we can take her to her first show (BVB) when we move to la by next year :)
Black Coop White Top....#KungFuPandaBear!
Observed many times that the woman in the man/woman table at coffee shops is always yelling. Does volume equal voice?
haha, I'm just kidding :p
Awesome! Congratulations to your #Daughter!
RT : It seems to be a law of nature, inflexible and inexorable, that those who will not risk cannot win.~ John Paul Jones
Who is coming out to the show tomorrow?! :D We better see y'all get down! Especially to "Self Made" :D Go wild!
Hells Angels were the bouncers at the first north face store.
Done. Cuz you said so.
H's GOOD MEN GOOD WOMEN & CTW's original treatment are as humane as they are effortlessly, unpretentiously intelligent. Like their makers
Got that right. He's pretty talented.
Y do i care i dnt
haha it's okay. :)
Woo-hoo! Great to see you connected with your #kickanotchfamily! Let us
Here's my NFL Draft Shocker: Jaguars will move up to #4 to take Michael Floyd rather than Justin Blackmon. Seriously.
UK had 4 (Enes does count) players drafted last night... Big Least had 3 total
how can be so low? All supporters should follow him.
Why does technology hate me so much today?! I have three printers and not ONE of them loves me.
preemptively, before they make mistakes -- helping her address their inadequacies much more efficiently. -
I want to know why like 30% of people from my OLD school is following me ? -__-
Everyone go follow !:D
CA State Sen Carol Liu's Chief of Staff Suzanne Reed to discuss Student Success Task Force
woot woot! Now apply for a job there. They have to be interested in people of the same name :-)
im so happy they are back on twitter again!! :)
9 more days of school(: i sure will miss your face during the summer!!:(
Girls be ashamed of how many guys they have fucked but guys glorify how Many girls they have fucked, what's really going on?
i'm crazy bored!
I am still very much a work in progress...
You need to be in this class so you can tell me what Im missing.
Sounds great!
My reaction to seeing the escalate EXT is not normal..
Thanks so much - we'd love to have you take it for a spin!
Staring at a car with spinners on it..that shit been played out.
So do the radio stations really only have like 10 tracks? We have seriously heard the same songs beaten to death.
Get in The Mixx!
o ok thts wuz well she go hard in the paint
i just watched SNL again bcuz i fell asleep last night during the show...
lol glad you are comfortable blasting me on Twitter, thank you very much
One more exam!
you know, just soaking up the sun. It's just 74 outside. Why did I ever think I didn't want to live here?!
I'm done undergraduate school forever. I say that's pretty exciting.
can't believe I'm going to #Vermont for 4/20! ;-X
and just to clarify.. I was never hating on chipper. Probably the only ATL athlete I respect at all.
check out spa boom.com you can add them simply to your website!
RT : Social first really means reader first. #nicar12”
if that is what the attendees vote to the top, then it will be what we explore
There is crying and shrieking outside my window, and I'm inside listening to RadioLab. Shoutout to my hermit buds.
Follow Sarah for live updates! RT : I'm at SGA and class council speeches! I'll tweet some pics later!
Long day.
RT : Get free beer from Lazy Oaf Lounge on Stoughton Rd. today when you say the code words found at www.phreeps.com
RT : RT : "It's not about a large audience, it's about the right audience," Eric Schwartzman
It's my pleasure. Thx for checking out my TL, I like to keep it interesting. Look forward to tweeting with you:-)
Wow! Thanks for that...we're glad you've enjoyed it and hope to see you again!
I would have loved when I was deciding where to go, so I'd be happy to see/help with a Hack Your Program on Pratt SILS!
Am I a Maple Leaf fan?
Whipping out the curling iron
Always amazed by ! Your a very talented photographer!!!
Everyone has baggage, what's yours?
Job Tip: Showing excitement for a job during an interview is the number 1 way to get hired!
Thank God for phone service. Early morning island clean up, swimming , dinner, then bonfire. Im loving it
Yep. Its lookin good.
'cause there's not a workable mobile plat for locating collection items? As a way to use 7yr machines? Some peeps r only in 4 bks?
Unlike in prison, in this case dropping the SOPA was a good thing.
Not leaving till she's over!!!!!
Why is it I can see everybody emoji's... But I can't use 'em, wtf !?! -_-
yeah i got in a limo and im at the rialto now !
i like secrets cause they keep me in line.
Baking bread makes me feel like Cher Horowitz.
you don't know how many people you are effecting right now. Seriously stop
Rivalry. Born of repetition.
Get free chips w any sausage, jusntion this tweet
Nice dude, gonna send an early peek up north? :)
I thank God for blessing me with another year of life!
Reward brand advocates by making them feel special, give them inside looks, contacts to inside people in the company, etc
u stupid
yeah he did i just hope he wins a ring so people can stop talking shit about him
He's not as bad as Justin Bieber.
Why am I so wiped today? I thought the sun was supposed to give energy, not steal it.
"Never give up hope, because that's what keeps us living. Live, love, laugh, and laugh some more!"
Life is like dancing. If we have a big floor, many people will dance. ~Don Miguel Ruiz quotes
- GREAT TIMES~! Did you all load up photos yet that I shot at the event? Drop box the to be edited.
Hanging with one of my good friends that I've known since elementary! Old friends are awesome! What are you guys up to today? :)
Some times I hate my IPod!!!:(
What's the best #CrossFit gym in SD county?
So, what's the best #twitter #app for #android? Plume crapped out on me so I'm giving tweercaster a try.
you can't give her up & you know it. You'll see.
So in other words, a delete button? ;)
“: Volleyball is just a more intense version of 'Don't let the balloon touch the floor.'”
sup homeslice? U get my dm?
you are just going to have to talk to that young man!!!!
Love The Way You Lie Lip Sync<3 #AlexAndAustinMemories :) -Sarah
It's 4am I must be lonelayyyy. I miss my baby monkey!
Damn right we are!!♥
Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable. -Denis Waitley
I love YOU!! yes, she called me. You know we go way back!!!
Hey everyone
“: Everyone else in the room can see it, everyone else but me.” HAHAHA
Wrapped up the music video today with shits gonna be dope
going to class early today.
Im js doing me ! & yu will NEVER understand it "/
Can NESN call up Ottawa and get the TV rights for the Bruins preseason opener tonight in lieu of Sox?
I think i might just have to give you some money...but i am broke...do you want my piggy bank? i might have 4 bucks in it!
cool! Sounds like a winnah!
Maybe it's like that for you, to me even the Internet gets pretty quiet at night. Maybe I need more Euro pals.
I do have ur numb!
Traffic in LA has not changed a bit...rush hour on the Santa Monica Freeway...
I would love one.. Could even toss you a few bucks toward your favorite charity.. Even if that is you!..
hey & you too(:
I need 7 by the Saints...soon. SF's secondary is fired up.
#hbrchat - profits enhance society
no my friend u suppose to like the steelers lol
Would love to connect with you Can you DM me you email so we can figure out a good time to chat?
Was a fan since yesterday of and is now a bigger fan
Watching mizzou football practice D is kicking ass
are you mad because you can't be like mindless behavior. Lol jk
Thank you so much for yr continued love + support! It means the world to us! Y'all are just too cool! Love 2 U 2!!!
I don't no live watching movies aarooonnn! RT Haha! RT : Still haven't seen the avengers
Want to know Rick Pitino's "principles for Stellar Performance"?? They only Cost $4.95!! See page A7 of the
OGK (only God knows)
This person talking gibberish on Kanye's "Mercy" is too much for me
your The reason I watch the show! Btw love your boobs!(:
People need to learn when to SHUT-UP.
Sometimes there is no next time, no time outs, no second chances. Sometimes it's now or never (remember that)..
He has inside jokes with complete strangers...sounds like the to me #MostInterestingMan ad on TV
- I'm glad you like it!
Still playing hard to get I guess she wants me to #chase put on my Nikes on & just Do it
The best thing about me is you.- Shannon Crown
The siren song of the streets bait me and in times like this the children of the night tempt me, what a harmonious symphony they play. I go.
River riot tomorrow
Big News: Excited to work with San Diego legend as he joins as head of Lifestyle & Entertainment Dept of !
Just got a list of 4000+ books from RCL that we supposedly have our shelves...this is going to take a while to confirm.
Thanks for connecting Kyle.
#sales is not for sissies; your mental preparation is the key to success (vs. sales "techniques").
Defining your ideal day gives you the ability to live intentionally rather than haphazardly.
Ah! That just reminded me that I have a pair of cheap, tinny brand headphones from an old lunch and learn. Cheers, sir!
Mom and sister in the kitchen cookin up somethin delicious. Dad and i watchin football. Life could not be any better.
Someone's late......
I asked about you!!! Wish u where here too!!!
Got asked if I was going to watch the Masters. I laughed.
BJ the cat was looking great this a.m.
March 5th deadline approaching for April English Opens Doors program in Chile. Still considering it?
Missing 1D on icarly because i'm at a chinese restaurant. The things i do for you asians.
Just got home from seeing on had the best time with and i hope i get a follow back :)
Update: Possible two people in vehicles unconscious at the Colfax I-225 incident. Look for emergency vehicles.
you're in dude. drive with me and split the cost. i'm not trying to spend tonz of cash
Just thought of MG. Did he tell you we began the interview talking about picking up dog poop in winter? Detailed discussion...
it is wat it is man..im not go undastnd da shit eva so ig it aint no way
oh I was wrong lol n it was I love the movie can't wait till 2 but I just can't put it over dark knight
Christian Siriano's Spring 2012 collection shows in DC tonight! 9pm International Trade Center. www.pinkrockstherunway.com
I told you it was gonna be something wood :D
thanks so much! glad you think so and are enjoying it!
Oh yes! RT : Yeah, it is #CHICHAT time!!! Boom, my week is better already.
thank u lol
Your not going to hold my heart!..... Butterfingers.
#icantgoadaywithout Turners Sweet Tea! #bluecap My #Pittsburgh ppl will know what I'm saying!
Ikno dat girl was scared as hell wen chris brown walked her way lol..glad she ain't have a phone on her he was gon snatch dat mf lmao smh
m give me some guac
and the Suburu was a nice #onlyinPDX touch
Bowl season under way - sad that #BC Eagles are sitting at home watching - not competing - whose fault? - hm - #FireSpaz and
have been looking for you to wish you a happy belated birthday!
we need to turn your Grinch into a Who!!
long story.
Oh wow. I really needed to really heed that colon. I feel like a doof. That's why they pay me the big bucks.
I would hate to be short
“: One of these days, I'm gonna give all my secrets away” don't do that!
IMO, responsive design is great but completely lacks the experience and connection you want to create for the consumer.
#76ers haven't won a playoff series since 2003; One W away from upsetting 1-seed #Bulls. Sure, no Rose. But loss to 8-seed?
Thx! It was an incredible experience, but I need time now to just RUN, not TRAIN. I'll be back tho. Are u entering the lotto?
You cannot convince me that Roberto Mancini is not a Bond villain.
She's not a woman she's the terminator --
Will it be any better if the new manager gets off to a bad start? Do they pick som1 that fits the current squad or clean slate?
John Bradshaw, one of the most influential writers on emotional healing in the twentieth century and a Senior Fellow at The Meadows Wicke
Attn #attorneys - what do you want to learn or know about with the iPad? Suggestions? cc:
you're welcome! I had a great time meeting all of you! See you in a bit :-)
Looking for creative ideas to generate revenue from and online magazine. Other than subscription, and advertisements...??
Saturday what's cracking
obviously something epic for a grand BBQ but would need a dedicated server for that
shutup stupid boy
your song "fight for you" is still stuck in my head !! :D
Highest margin item on the steakhouse menu has to be the bleu cheese wedge salad. $0.59 head of lettuce, chop, dressing, Bacos.
Anyone done some targeted advertising on Facebook? Yeah or Nah?
Can anything 1 tell me how to block escort girls on here? It's annoying when I get a follow from "u don't know me" Ladies find JESUS PLZ!!
Getting Aiden ready for school is a mission!
Thanks LaTonya. How many of them 6-5 215? Has Travis run yet? Go Canes!
perhaps it was created by a Rangers fan posing as a Devils fan for that precise reason. That's the only logical explanation.
Just scampered past a magpie, then stopped & munched an acorn.
Brunch specials tomorrow: lamb sausage scramble w/ dried cranberries, sheep's milk feta, & fresh kale. M!
MAD empowered. I even drew boobies!
We do have some gang activity but the local media doesn't really report on it.
I think EMC just set the market price
So my brother(he's 20) decides to wake me up, cause I fed his cat! And starts cussing me out . Then is immature and takes my iPad ! Okay ?
All of my dishes are clean and in cabinets. I'm never eating again.
PitBull is the truth, somewhere Sean Paul is wondering what the hell happened!
*slurp* M M M M M *drop it like its hot*
keep your head up yams! Tq
Thanks. Street and public music focusing particularly on Kenya/Tanzania/Ethiopia. Gull is leading it, a multi-instrumentalist.
My dog peed on someones baby stroller.... *walks away slow and awkwardly*
Freebies at walmart-sam's club, view www.downow.info I supply 125 leads a wk at enrollment at www.dowsite.info fun & makes a difference !
"Planning before work protects you from regret." - Arabic inscription on an earthenware bowl from Iran (c.10th cent)
Delayed thanks to for hosting 's Will Allen on Saturday. Was a great opportunity and location to hear him speak!
- I'd imagine so... Trying to reach back with your hips will help, also a little shoulder flexibility will clean it up
Did you know that we have some of the best Pizza in Chicago and tots. Yes tots!!
Hi everyone - Zay
Amazing Idea! We MUST put that together! Shall we have a talk this week?
Any burrito enthusiasts in #SF? Foodies? What should I eat? Already got a carnitas burrito at La Palma in the Mission...
good luck! you do fine (: like you said, everyone is naked haha
I love when chinese people are doing my nails there so adorable and funny(:
why is it that I can never fall asleep? Any recommendations?
No Taylor Lockwood get better please
ahahahaa i need to heard that!!!!!!
On my 6-handed fixed limit table is the fish Stephan Kjerstad and the superstar Thor Hansen.
in a good way<333
Did you go in the pool with Colton? I hope your having fun with the idols :)
Actors who think they're the only talented person at the audition are in for a rude awakening when they don't book the role.
I was the worst luck ever.. I don't even know why I try to become a singer!
Hey the next time your down there maybe we could maybe. Eat at the Hard Rock and maybe walk downtown! :)
;P I'll believe it when I see it :P
thanks kell, just trying to help out! I really need to get involved with my schools branch like you have.
First half of the concert has been amazing.
...Heart attack averted. Go SDSU!
I'm sure we can schedule something. Where are you located? Shoot an email to us at to setup.
found him Team....google his name.
West Side Story
Now #StateFarm has commercials during football games. What happened to the #doublediscountcheck commercials?
That looks great! Nice, shiny espresso machine, too.
Sweets...even if I catch diabetes o_0 RT : What do you think would be the hardest thing for you to give up?
If people are not allowed to draw muhammad, how can they tell it's Muhammad being drawn if no one has ever seen him drawn?
no scrapbooking for me- just buying stuff for Terra's art class
A man in Croatia has taught birds to Tweet. They now have 1 million followers. LOL
Brent Burns headed to the box after throwing an elbow to the head of Scott Nichol.
but the thing is i still need someone to go with .
This game is ridiculous so far. Love it.
Cd release show this Friday for "caves" at house of blues parish room! RT if you are coming!!! Meriwether plus Maps and Makers are first!
maybe it's me and my blind optimism to blame, or maybe it's you and your sick need to give love and take it away.
I was and didn't even realize it was for you guys! (I was distracted by food trucks.)
Today is the big day
you can follow #seahawks FA signee Zach Masch at
The more city residents that follow us, the more effective we'll be. Please recommend us to a friend or neighbor. Have a great weekend!
#Follow back - btw, what you up to?
Live like Spongebob and Patrick. Laugh out loud everyday for no reason and annoy the people you hate with your happiness.
We're gonna win yeah we're taking over....come on!!!
agreed. :) thirsty Thursday soon.
That Paul George steal and pass off of the inbound will be a Top 10 play
Good morning! What's going on in #indy today?
Hard to maintain Zen-like calm when someone insists on telling me medical-related horror stories abt leave, benefits, etc. Please. Stop.
guess you just lost my vote.
can you picture me on a New Kids on the Block cruise??? Wanna warn about me?
4th for sure :)
me too dude! Dentist waiting room shit
Being underweight has totally screwed up my health. I just need to get through the rest of this year without missing school.
Opting for my fave, Beef Carbonnade from Slow and Easy cookbook (a little different than their Roast book version)
haha oh really?? I may have to get that for break
Have you started planning your holiday parties? The more the merrier! We can host your party in our private dining room. Contact us today!
This game is in the refrigerator! The doors are lock, the eggs are cool, and the jello is giggling!!! Lakers #1 KB 24 MVP!!! :D
ha so I dropped a butter knife on my toe and cut it open.... #brilliance!!
lol oh shit I didnt even notice it was...i was caught up in the moment
sweet avi bro Heyman Guys..lol that's classic!
Shout out to
Emergency Extractor
so... (that's all you need to make an otherwise uneventful statement a joke, right?) so...
Bark-out to this pawsome group! Please follow them! Doesn't their logo kick major @$$?
#bieberfact A hater once said Justin was the reason his parents divorced, and he cried
Of course a Mexican RT my soccer tweet lol
where you moving? you can dm me if you want to stay incog ... lol
well now im in school for my ap art studio test thing. but i will when i get home honey bunches
I know I'm alone on this, but I still say the theme song Tank! is the best thing about Cowboy Bebop. -Carl Mahnke
Started a new short today. Let's see where this one takes us.
The happier I am, the less time I spend on social networks.
is that the name of the movie on right now on
Results pending. :P
Jae-Wan Live @ The Airliner Friday Oct 7th
RT If you remember' Hip Hop Harry.(Follow Me!!!)
not the busting of the account but the getting the 50k vpps obv
Watching kick ass fuck yes! Chloe is my fucking favorite
Kelly#aspenideas diversity directly correlates to radical collaboration
I cant wait to be there savanna is coming too
got the agent :)
I dont appreciate his game because hes playing for all the wrong reasons. Easy championships vs. building a legacy. u cant deny.
what did you think of the fight?
Not trying to be discriminatory, but my supervisor was a woman:)
cobra is so deadly that one gram of it
Tooth Paste dispensers are the shit.
“If I could start one new museum for the future, it would be”: The most community-focused, financially sustainable museum ever.
cant stand how you guys spoof a product and then run ads for it during next break!
Know what? Anything can happen today. Do what you can to make things go the way you want them to. ;)
Playing sex(;
I love men with a taste for the classics.
whats good wit it?
STOP FOLLOWING ME ON TWITTER PORN BOTS! DAMN YOU ALL TO HELL! }:O
You guys look the same except for the color!!! Love the suits!! Did you guys have fun at Prom?
Aw snap aw snap Come to macaroni party and then we'll Take a nap
I got a shipment in, and I had ordered 2 items, only 1 arrived. Packing slip said 2
Sometimes, I wish you would text me back.
yes. I go there sometimes. But the friendliest is at Eutaw and Baltimore. My baristas know me well.
One eye open #studio #time #almost #420 haha
I like good things more than I hate bad things.
isn't the new it's just his idol and respect him
Goodmorning you guys .
Why Thnks QT : I love u all
hey did u take wiz verse off his song or was that his song and u added ya verse?
People, where is the love here?... *sigh*
U should rub a cupcake from on ur foot since they won't Follow-No more until they do! We always promoted them :(
Not death of critic but death of ability to make a living as a critic. Good that livelihood iis ndependent of criticism
sick sixth senses
i don't know what that is. :p
Although what I really am is a teacher. Core Audio is hard, we'll see how well I can learn it.
Oh. I'm hungry. Does that count as hurting?
" And I, I really like it when the moon looks like a toenail. And I love it when you say my namee :)"
I do have a delicate side. - Michelle Rodriguez (Actress)
I respect your opinion...
Yes it would cody :)
I'm really over this....today I was at the mall for 3 hours waiting for them to fix my phone
Darth vader just called me a deuchebag on the Hollywood walk of fame!! Lol
Catchy presentation. Very nice blog. Thanks for the follow.
Oh dear. If you downloaded the app for Android, you're leaving yourself wide open for spammers. Just had to uninstall it.
BBVA compass Stadium grand opening today, DCU vs. Houston Dynamo NBC Sports Network
It's nice outside already B)
Chinese Activist Chen Guangcheng Escapes House Arrest in China A human rights lawyer x2019;s escape from house arrest dealt an embarrassm
please Follow me and
It isn't weird, i'm a very lovable guy! :P
saves the day and replaces a pair of shoes which fell apart much too soon.
RIP Norton Dodge, who saved so many works of dissident art during the dangerous years of Soviet rule in Russia
Follow me back my nigga!
where have you been I feel like I haven't seen you for days?
"You speak fluent hoodrat Kenny" - Charles Barkley
nordstrom.com good example of integrating YouTube, reviews, shopping, community.
I think everyone ought to get affluent and popular and do all that they ever imagined so they may notice that it is not the answer.
On a date wit my NEW BOOH!!
The crowd's getting restless. Lots of little kids in the crowd, at 8 pm still nothing on school closures "Talk about closures" = from crowd
Looks like today is gonna e a long day. Hopefully get 2 make it in time for #bootcamp this evening.
That makes sense as one reason.
#bandsthatimiss Fall out boy Sum 41 Click 5 Metro station Friday night boys
Your support is amazing! Thank you for the love!
morning boyfriend <3 hope you have a fabulous day :* I love you :)
The same refinement which brings us new pleasures, exposes us to new pains.
6th grader from Mercer Middle tells the board how important it is to know Spanish to work and for her future.
its probably cuz I have so much respect for the packers and I know..I see how amazing all of u ladies are..I have much....
I'm wondering who gone show up for us tonight?! We need this win to stay alive...let's go
i ALMOST had an interaction with that fake
or remix?our latest mixtape link is on my profile please check us out...I look forward to hearing from u and working with u
I might be listening to the soft rock station...
After a full week of #UX discovery, little sleep & the pt-job at the big A; I ROCKED today's client presentation!
Who's that woman who walked on the court tryna holla at Ty Lawson?
no--- gotta work early.
Agree! RT : I think it would b great2have #K12 #parents #counselors #teachers & #principals join us
can't even tag me in this?? Really ryland
Why are you talking to me, stop that
Maybe you just need to move the bacon from breakfast to lunch. Maybe a nice BLT on gluten-free toast :)
#MittRomney's bullying of a gay prep school classmate haunted the victim & 4 witnesses' whole lives. Romney "doesn't recall" it.
np. Just called, we're good on time.
#NP summer died in connersville - I see stars :)
I like the new look!
Ugh, Ellis is the WORST.
is Leaf or Russell not on there? Gallery at least turned into a decent guard.
So I am in the auditorium... With about 400 others.
depends if yu gon b a crooked cop or not....
Dude, right!
Last of the Butter Pecans
I must have done something right to be mentioned among giants. I'm not sure what it is, but thanks for noticing, Kat. :)
nigga u high
aye gurl, dontchu even think about runnin away or I'll grapple hook you
dude you should've competed again, would've been great to have a vet on the UT team!
yes! What size?
Crumbs. Oh! You weren't asking.
Does anyone else think that the *Luquid-Plumr Double Impact* commercial is WAY to inappropriate for daytime TV?
I'm sorry I missed your reply yesterday! Meet you at the poster session?
Guy practicing his hip-hop lyrics with a notebook and headphones on the train.
Which trip do you mean?
Whip Appeal is officially my favorite song. lol
Morning all!!!
It's your love, just does something to me..sends a shock right through me, I can't get enough. ❤
This Clippers crowd is strangely quiet. Weird.
for real dough! You just wreck like that! LOL. :-¡
yayayay! just got a new flip video camera cant wait to start using it! (not to mention it is going to be great for the slopes.)
I wanted YOU though...
Living well and beautifully and justly are all one thing. ~Socrates
USA USA USA. Adu starting wow.
On to #LAX. Car pool waiting -> on time departure, yes?
Watched Thor, and now watching Captain America with in preparation for the awesomeness of The Avengers.
I hope that comes back soon! We need our big man back & I so want to wear my jersey again.... Miss ya Dirk!!!
6.days.left.
trust me I know lol. Should have seen her when she came home lol.
The Cleverest iPhone In The World! Thats something!
Anyone have an estimate on the number of attendees expected at #RootsTech ?
"Over the years I have learned that what is important in a dress is the woman who is wearing it." —Yves Saint Laurent
yeah yeah! Asshole:
won't you teleport 2 me.
I can't. But it's 9016190479
#sometimesyouhaveto sacrifice what you had for what you truly want.
Lol. Bitch, I been reading since b4 you was born!
1 sheep 2 sheep 3 sheep almost time to wake up
shit i forgot how hot it can be on 40 smh please lil cloud make it over the hot sun so i can have a cooler day <3
My facorite day of the year.
hey i just met you.. and this is crazy.. but heres my number, so call me maybe?
Running into old friends in the store , love it
This would be the #bestnightever! #tweetsfreed! RT : I need a bottle of wine, comfy pants and a furry baby animal
Looking for pool cleaning or building? Crystal Clear pools can help
kills the power play, both teams back at equal strength
I miss the Old austin days but I'm happy for the new ones too!
Happy for Joel Skotte, a linebacker from Bend, Oregon. He's a tough guy and I'm glad he signed with Oregon St.
What are moms really suppose 2 do
": Masturbating clears the sinuses." Lmfao that's awesome
Two fish tacos with chips and salsa for $8.49 today!! Excellent Cod!!
I just hit my first 1,000 followers on twitter. I'm throwing a party, AND YOU'RE ALL INVITED!
Thanks! There's plenty more to come!
Thanks for following back! Cool we share the same name :)
Same to you but more of it!
health news
hangin out with :)
What the heck was LeBron doing with his tongue?
Soon lovey. Miss you! We must talk soon!
"I thought that was meredith"- Papa G. 2 minutes later... "Hey I didn't know Meredith was here!"- brennas brother.
dm your number
Saying "you're becoming just like your mom" to your girlfriend only works as a compliment on Mother's Day.
I wish I was athletic .
High scoring first day - ET in sole possession of first place with an amazing 15 of 16
I agree, perl is more diy versus ruby's prefab approach. Have you every seen a flatpak home? google it, #perl is like that.
If your friend was dating a guy and you have a guy at the time no, that bitch out of his way will come out to bring you to his friend.)))
I like fun reads! Thanks for these blips of info.
The more time spent creating information results in less time synthesizing it.
Never knock on Death's door; ring the doorbell and run (he hates that).
A heart filled with regret, will always be cautious to take the next step
sucks for youu!(;
Dex: 'Manuscript' is probably the classiest place to hide the word 'anus.' Me: Oh Geez Dex......
hey told me to tell u that she sent me . Idk why but whatever
“: “: I'm not drivin u gotta bring it” ok sis I'm fina hit ya...”/😘cool thanks bring ASAP
The Grey was awesome sauce. Contraband, Martha Marcy May, Take Shelter, Drive all at Redbox
I'm thinking again of the dogs and the last of their sticks.
Thanks for retweet!
Perhaps will even agree to meet up with all his fellow UConn Alums after the game in Boston in February?
RT : tip: don't dress in a black skirt, knee highs & ankle boots as I did... it's the waitress uniform
that bitch hung up in my face imma show her!
Today is National Cook a Sweet Potato Day or if you prefer it's National Cherry Pie Day
After sleeping through a 100 million years we have finally opened our eyes on an opulent planet, plentiful with life.
Smoking Turn Me ^^^^^^ iHtae Feeling
I need to throw up maybe I'll feel better
Wow are kiddos great. Google the interview! Can you say charisma?
isnt that simple. Byrd has a shit contract and Theo is smart enuf to know he isn't a fix. Just gotta wait bro, sry
🎶I'm asking for your help I am going through hell..Afraid nothing can save me but the sound of your voice..You cut through all the noise🎶
what are doing?
Seeking new intern, for more information email (Nina) at .
Wish I was still in #NoLa at the superdome tonight! #HoneyBadger don't care! Go #LSU #BCS Championship Game!
Move to Florida with me. We'll all get together and recreate our German adventures lol. #yeahright ;)
the one she gave in january where we had to write our assignments, calculate the %, get it signed....blah blah
March...The best month in sports! Are you ready?
I didn't expect them to get up and dance. :-) they have to protect their family as we all would.
Spurs games are the most boring games to watch ! Clippers need to take this series so I can actualy watch the west finals
Good morning #NYC! Do you start your week off with an early morning fitness class, or the good ol' snooze button?
I'm boycotting any bar that doesn't have Summer Shandy on tap in the summer.
I do not like Ohio State
"If you like somebody then tell them before someone else does." Um, easier said than done.
Surrounded by memories/searching for truth/I trudge on through existence/Just another workday
A little more than 4 months until Ariana's album! #KillMe 😲🔫 I know its totally 100% worth the wait tho! #CantWait 💗
E-mail account hacked. It's a good thing though. I think everyone should hear more about the AMAZING acai berry!
I am doing #wwonline. Yeah, we can be #ww buddies!!
I dont give a blow job because the word job makes it sound like its strenuous physical labor. Instead, I give mouth hugs.
We'll probably go to the Old German Beer hall beforehand if you want to buy me a drink?
WARNING- The YouTube channel taemmojang is stealing passwords with a phishing site. Please inform people!
m,good pick. #Everythingtastesbettercamping - Hey, did your puppet lose weight with you? Or maybe you just took your hand out.
they only see what I show
"The wind is blowing. We are hearing things." #SignMario segue or rant of a crazy person?
Someone please help me to get this boredom out
Any Stephen Jerzak fans out there? We have TWO signed copies of his new CD to give away to you! Details coming soon!
thanks for the kind words, friends.
Free ticket for 1st person to: take pic of self with sign saying, "TEDxFortWayne is helping #rethinkFW" & post to FB wall
following alot of fans but me and ;/ C'mon bailey! :D Follow us! :)
Sweet! She's at Elaine Erikson in the third ward. It should be good! Also at's just me. Mike is going to Coachella.
I'm so surprised to hear about layoffs at a company that makes anti-depressants. What does their severance package look like? Free samples?
Dang this cotton candy is good!
i argue 1 place is limiting; the web is already the place. its an ecology of things. what solution does 1 solve?
Hahahaha okay!! Thanks :)
Thank YOU for making life more fun. =)
lol you don't want do that D
Don't text me anymore..you're the same as the rest of them.
I've been neglecting twitter for the past 2 days :/
Long day tomorrow. Early morning conference call, meeting with , 's bday party then back home to visit with Cali wkd visitor!
#Brewers have had 3 season-ending injuries, 1 DL recently. Don't need ace starter to go down. RT Risk INJURY? Calm down.
What is this about jelli radio?
So does a league doing everything it can to remove head shots bring any sort of action against Brodeur after his comments?
RT Shelvin Mack scores his first NBA points. He has five tonight for the Wizards, including a 3.
They should have given you the other kind of mug!
7. Sleep! Researchers have found that getting less than 7.5 hrs of sleep each night is associated with an increased risk for heart disease.
Lindsay Lohan before she went craycray<3
Canadians or not, they are fellow MLSers. Representing our league well, boys.
Happy Day of Cake in your honor . So much <3 !
Since Austin followed, I got a bunch of new followers :P Lol :)
just listened to one of the records i did with , I can't wait for that to come out!
damn i forgot finalz were this week.. good luck brahhh! btw, how is the "situation"?!
It's hard enough getting a studio to produce your film, especially when the last one they did similar to it bombed at the box office.
Tonight Broncos Official #NFLDraft Party at The Tavern Downtown—The Denver Broncos new Nike Peyton Manning jersey's will be sold here...
HAPPY HOLIDAYS, may they be filled with all you wish for.
Gotta say it again...haven't been this impressed with a Hip-Hop album in a while...B.o.B's "Strange Clouds" is worth a purchase!
Thanks! I think it will be grand - sorry you can't make it!
nothing beats the breakfast buffet here!
Boston people are happy.
Started looking at Lady MacBeth last night...I'm more than kind of in love with this role.
Agreed! Congrats, fellow new grad!
“: may I suggest a guitar duel instead ?” Totally. We'll be Ralph Machio, you guys are Steve Vai.
I miss mi amor
Hold onto your hats today!!! A wind warning is in effect. If you see or hear of any problems, damage, power outages..let us know !
LYCHEE green tea from - can't wait to try it!
Behind every strong Man stands the back bone of his strength his Women...
It's complex but Blizz made it accessible
Guys you have to get in here.The coffee is great and you can stay safe from the rain.Try our Pumpkin Spice Chai Latte,or Gingerbread Latte!!
Aztec basketball is the only sport I'm really emotionally invested in
oh thanks! haha i want to buy so many things. IF I ever had a child I would make them cute bentos everyday. haha
Hey, check engine light, what seems to be the matter?
go into your friends section and click on the x next to the name... that's how i defriend people
John Payton project on air right now!! they're about to perform live!
#Zombies made an awesome topic for search demo in English Comp class. CQ Researcher didn't come through however.Happy Halloween!
Its one thing of calling a track your single & everything u spitting is original. But if it sound like everything else? Then what u call it?
Tacoma is a separate city. It's 45 minutes south of Seattle haha. It's a pretty big city
I found one advantage has over - I can compose & send formatted msgs from cell phone. Good for no pwr
OH MY GOD! I can't wait to get paid. I'm going to Connersville fo sho.
Food has arrived. Yay! Will check in once I'm fed.
.... Couple hundred points.
What up Georgie Boy!
quick morning lecture then back to sleep!
YOU are the main person I'm talking about in my last post. ...i'll probably still read all your tweets though. sigh
lmao. That big bastard hit me yesterday
"You dont have to be my friend but is it too much to ask: Dont laugh at me, dont call me names. Dont get your pleasure from my pain."
hope you made it.
lol I did see Country Strong and it made me appreciate it more... but I'm still reluctant.
Stick It is on #abcfamily :) I love this movie!!
Sending HOT love to our fan
- Going great! I'm working at it & being received well. I see you are travelling the world singing. Exciting!
and I want to see your show!
Lesson learned: Don't take a drink & read 's tweets at the same time. It's not pretty, friends.
Hello from a fellow EAV player! :)
I wish losing weight was easy. I love food to much....
just got going w/
The success combination in business is: Do what you do better... and: do more of what you do... - David Joseph Schwartz
Poor Baby Avery died today..The Angels in Heaven took her to a place where she can watch us all..
Midlakes Basketball: Morning workouts start tomorrow...time to get after it.
yeah i get you... hey im a choreographer for my class im so happy im trying to teach then to dance
Dreading today.
You got it!!
A painting is like a novel in demanding and deserving an extended, noninstantaneous reading. – David Lubin, art historian
I love diggy new albulm its the best
Add so I can DM you the Facebook group link. Hotel coordination Rideshare stuff.
My brain is just a jellyfish in the ocean of my head.
When the dog sleeps in my room she finds the most awkward way to sleep on my feet.!
aww I'd ask for your autograph & know exactly who you are.
Some people think of eternal damnation as fire and brimstone. I think of the California DMV.
The rats are also reeling from the news of the MTA shutting everything down.
RT : Breaking news: Conrad Murray sentenced to 4 years in prison.
I'm writing about isanyoneup for a paper on online communities. Wanna chat?
just being a fan of is great
...Speaking of smokey-goodness, Chef Mina's awesome Baba Ganoush wraps up our "Best Things We Ate in #pdx Last Week" list. Lucky us, right?
Don't you hate it when you buy a bag of packaged air, and there's chips inside it? Pisses me off!
I will miss you very much, my fellow Twitter Warrior.
Just proof'd the ADDY showbook, and somehow, I am smiling....almost there...almost there.
Well I did. AND I watched their wedding video.
Boomer Jr starts his obedience training today at 2pm with Melissa of CPT
Next up is Marian April Glebes, aka , on self, objects, institutions, and individuals.
I cannot DM you for some reason It is legit, no virus. I set it up today to help w tuition :)
reads like a checklist. rinse & repeat. #5 university involvement needs work; Q: what can set DC apart from NYC? gov?
I am never late for my train, just super early for the next one.
You look like you take 3 dicks in the ass, i'm gonna call you 3 dicks, hi 3dicks.
don't do that! You know the #Spurs and the #Celtics would make for a food series. They both a GREAT teams.
The best friend is likely to acquire the best wife, because a good marriage is based on the talent for friendship. Friedrich Nietzsche
it's like a holiday at work here; everyone is stoked.
yeah she did... I can forward it if you like?
I have no sentiment at all for the Rose Bowl. It's as meaningful as the Flint MegaBowl.
Suggestion: could we do the Nerf war tomorrow night :)
Doug the single dad from Seattle looks promising. Note: not the single dad from Oregon.
My Singer Doe:D <33 GOOD MORNING Batoul! its 6:40am rite now. Shout out to my Home Girl. F.H.O.D = Follow Her Or Die.
Yup, still here. Couple more weeks and then a small break before I return again.
In September, a tractor-trailer crashed near Terre Haute, Ind., and precipitated a traffic jam when the cargo caught fire. The truck was...
when I was in architecture school classrooms were ttaught in the round- made a big difference
if i fall , can you let me down easy ?
Plan also involves looking at Elkton Road development and potential parking needs because it is becoming an extension of Main Street
*jumping jAck* that's a funny ass fucken name. Like what the fuck? I think that was like the first Dance move.
What in the midst of creative genius is there so much confusion heartache and tragedy?
If you work hard enough everything is possible it's just the so called "Impossible" is harder to achieve
It’s also National Nutrition Month. Our new healthy kid’s meals are a great to commemorate the month.
How long are they going to watch this dog?? Break the damn window!!
Love all your quotes Lori!
In the long run they will see what they lost!!
Good luck! I'm in serious need of new ink. On my upper back though.
I love mizuwari as well!
Hey Senuri! Missed you!
can't wait to see what goodies you cook up for the blog. Better rest up for next weekend!
God is good. Why are we so bad?
We think it's awesome!
Thanks, John. Big week!
I am SO flippin' tired .
i did too!
my name is Courtney!:)
being Houdini again?
Is a great way to budget your money! great 12 month plan, i suggest you check it out.
Let me back up:I suggest the Cirque take over CBC's main entertainment channel.CBC journalists could keep their NHL News Network(and sports)
your mother is a hamster and your father smells of elderberries
i love your journey! Have fun :-)
RIM opens Blackberry World with "Forgotten" by André Sobota. You can't make this stuff up.
Answer our trivia question at 3pm today for a chance to win tix.
Interesting that "Phil Knight" and "Chip Kelly" are both trending on Twitter. Wonder why no other fans are mentioned?
I'm really tired of my mind being cloudy.
told you... God isn't with me when it comes to betting
Times In-Depth: How one Erie-area couple found 'life after bankruptcy'
Started early again with buyers today... i do like making offers prior to Noon
Already did that 2 months ago and again today. Is this company trying to SCAM people? I just want to know...
Glad I don't have any homework for the first time ever!!!
Absolutely! Looks like next week will be perfect for the both of us. Can't wait!
Please go away Brett Favre
Your sound is very unique, I woulod never have heard it if you did not follow me! Thank you
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience
Who's the stinkiest Russian? Vladimir Pootin'
I'm at Parkside having free food and drinks, but I return to my post soon. ;)
I hope you didn't get caught by the RA. :)
when is ur birthday???
Dear Mom, because of you I'm who I am today. You carried me for 9 months and raised me. You're a strong woman. #HappyMothersDay I love you
Keep your vehicle running cool this summer by ensuring adequate coolant protection. We'll test your vehicle's coolant at any Express Lube.
My company's twitter feed is almost at 50k followers. Great source for PR and news - plus the tweeters behind it are awesome :)
Ditto. Namely #lust, #sloth, &
you looked so cute sleeping on Anthony's shoulder
Q1 The digital divide is still alive and well. Sometimes a circulating copy of a 2010 Encyc. Brit. is the best a kid can do for hw
Hi Barbara, thanks again for agreeing to review KN's book for LPR. I've confirmed that there will, in fact, be a second review, too
Today's Lesson: You better live on your own terms, 'cause you may not go out on your own terms.
Just got a copy of the Wall Street Journal!!! It's the diary of some guy named Jake from the #occupy protests.
plone templates in fall? not everyone has weighed in and many are going to press for libguides
please follow me back:)
many thanks from ": no prob! The are happy to support!"
LA fans: If you missed our set last night at CIA then come to see at Amplify in Hollywood tonight at 7:30 with
Refs be gettin paper!
yes. I started 8/1. So much to learn! Thanks for checking in. My new Twitter project in plz help me grow it :-)
Have you seen my fingerprints? I think I may have rubbed them off blending oil pastels.
yes maa'am.
Newt Gingrich is a suitable name for an unappetizing, cheap, candy bar sold at your local thrift store.
My <3 of craft beer, my buzz & my hoarding instincts tell me to keep going. My dinnerless stomach is telling me Friday will suck ass.
hey shorty!! Hope u are doin great!
Happy First day of Fall! What are you eating today?
are you talking about yourself?
follow me i follow bakk
They just played Glad You Came back to back on 96.3 lol (:
"Data visualization" has C-suite support : They offer free training to managers on how to effectively present & communicate it.
#instantclassic TRAINING DAY
Relationships are about two individuals who maintain their own lives and create another one
I really want some pancakes.
Unfortunately, Congressman Bilbray will not be in attendance at our Clairemont Congressional Forum. Peters and Saldaña are still confirmed.
Shook the dance show with
preparing for some Friday Foolishness; followed by a Saturday Hangover!
LOL what's a girl have to do to get a little link time? I'm heading to langdon farms now. Good luck. Maybe next time!!!
#ThingsThatBotherMe Are When Someone Calling Somebody Ratchet And They Stank. Niggah At The Main Moment You Ratchet And Stank. Smh. -______-
Note: NSLog does not work in Android
Such a Crazy and Amazing Friday!! with ! Wanna know more?? Check out our facebook convo!! Savannah Desiree Boyd on facebook!
I hope that dance was Brown warming up his TD celebration
In case we haven't mentioned it, you rule!
"But I'm so much BETTER than that guy!" "Yeah, but he's got a Prius, so..."
No school for me today!
Good morning peeps...let's see what's waiting around the corner today
thanks for the update on #E12 planning. Sounds like it will be a great #EDUCAUSE event!
doing great! Enjoying my day off!
lol thats ok im gonna wake her ass up
dido RT : I aint met a girl in my life who wouldnt date me.
RT : A5: It takes a lot of time to find a job, so if you don't have one right when you graduate there's still time...
Just rewrote a jerk-ass email (with me playing the part of the jerk) as a "here's a problem, can we enact this solution?" email instead.
Thanks for running/talking with our Running Mates. Definitely inspiring, we all can't wait to cheer you on at Mile 20!
Thanks so much ! :)
There's a David Blaine marathon on channel 771. FYI.
Sounds like a perfect day to me. :-)
Miss you
its ok but not like the best thing ever
thanks for the article! think I already found it actually :)
in car headed upstate. Maybe create a new one for me?
Good Monday morning all a new week is here
Yo bike life in philly was sick. Yo want any videos hit me up
- They're all in Miami?
Check out Fit Physique Radio at this weekends Europa Get Fit & Sports expo...in Orlando
iv always loved him...everyone knows that
New post: ChargerCity GPS Garmin Nuvi Windshield ball & socket suction cup mount & Bracket unit holster bundle for Garmin
OMG! Just met and shook the hand of Madeleine Albright. Love working at
We get it that you made good grades...now #stfu and quit making every post about how great you and your grades are.
I'm not a fan, i'm a mahomie. I'm not in a fandom, i'm in a family. I'm not obsessed, i'm dedicated. My love for Austin is infinite<3
nah not rotten he sipping away on a few buds here he was very disappointed nobody would go out
Two pitches and Andy Pettitte has his out since 2010.
Your headline? Unintended consequence of composting/every other day garbage pickup in pdx-dirty diapers in recycling. 11pm
Big road win tonight at UALR we r so proud of our ladies! Tcu this Thursday at SMU @ 7. Come out n show ur support :-)
The way I feel right now is proof that is wrong about me.
U and & khleo workin' on a song.... its gonna b
lol, hm.. never thought of that one. Lol
I wanna see the pink highlighters and the yellow highlighters play each other in the Final Four.
Just tapped, New Belgium Lips of Faith Super Cru Ale (replaces Brewing Torpedo Extra IPA) $10 growler $3 pints
Sigh, his future wife will hate me.
Its easier to fall asleep at school than at home.
Some people are hilarious unintentionally!!
Just reached my 3,000th tweet. Another milestone!
Very nice article, thanks for sharing!
2X the Fun!!! Southern Tier Night & starting at 8PM Skype Session with Phin, Founder & Brewer.
HELL YEAH!
My man, ! Of course I'm still doing Polo T Fridays. I'm surprised it hasn't caught on more, stay tuned for the twitpic tmrw, ha!
A bit surprised by the outpouring of #SteveJobs love pretty much dominating my entire twitter feed.
heyy follow me
BELOW THE BRIM is working on the background and details for its animation/ cartoon.
St. Louis was just ranked as the best city for cheapskates. No wonder the #STLCardinals are such
A cow or a bull?
I'm fine. how about you?☺
These refs are not having their best day. Clearly a travel.
oh god that shit was eerie I only watched it once
how many months are yuh sorry asking
I hate when pol dont text me back.
I just wanna cry 
Callback tomorrow for How To Train Your Dragon, THUNDERDOME Friday Night! Bikini Beach Bacchae and Theatre Asylum on SAT. Woot!
great! I'll be around for tech this afternoon too. Come say hi if you're passing through.
FOOD FUNNIES: What’s a doll’s favorite food? Barbie-Q!
soon they will be called Performing for Soup ft. Fountains of Wayne.
i need something to do
I'm so sleepy
thanks for the mention. Keep on leading and integrating!
My jeans taste like sadness.
Office is dang near SILENT this morning... #MondayBlues?
hahahaha i ll do so :D
whenever a teacher asks for volunteers in class I'm going to end up yelling "I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE!" #hungergames is eating my life.
I'll bring it up before dodgeball!
About to watch Bill Maher and #Realtime from Friday. What are the actual chances that won't make a 4:20 joke?
I don't even know how to feel but I'm on my happy trapday right now!!! Lol
Thanks for posting my FB page!
check my direct message to you :)
that's deep
Who wanna text me ..
Check out the 17th Annual Pittsburgh Blues Festival July 22-24 at Hartwood Acres! Proceeds benefit the Greater PGH Community Food Bank!
video asterisk - due to Chicago weather, all Pulaski Day video shoots were postponed until July for maximum booty.
#MardiGras Special: $6 Hurricanes All Day Greenwood and Northside locations!
One man drowns after his boat went over the falls.
hooray for sharing the wonderful news on FB & Twitter, it's REALLY official now that you've shared it.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
Many people can 'like' you or have a 'crush', but I will always have you in my heart hiding this everlasting love for you</3
: Happy New Year from Parlè Blaque =] .. this is our year !!
Would you say that having this separate account has been successful? Are you running both accts?
Talk all the shit bout Chris Bosh but our numbers drop when he not here he Is a big piece if our offense
OH: Did his momma knit him that hat?
"There are too many people in this state who don't have jobs"...yes Mr. Barrett, most of them live in your city.
At minnesota learning commons session
HERE WE GO AGAIN! AIRING NOW!
no I dont think u get it. It was a 'k I'll do whatever it takes to get her to "SHUT UP(;" cuz I know I will always be hotter"
Gonna throw it out there: Interstate Love Song by Stone Temple Pilots is the greatest song of the 1990s.
I dnt even stay our there I'm n Chicago we need it on our station
apparently now Facebook notifies you every time someone accepts or declined your invitation to an event. and I just invited 253 people.
Smoking really does seem to be the topic of conversation over there, doesn't it? Ya cold?
feeling like you're driving home in a monsoon.. not fun
this week should go by fast
Woosters Grove is cancelled due to weather! Sorry to those planning to come but yes its off :'(
learning something new everyday. Apio, a celery root dish favored in the Jewish Heritage
1 week from today!
hahaha I was sleep
You could only believe THAT story if you were there!
:P ": I look at my best friend and think: why the f*ck do I love this retard?"
Interaction w Thamara Sanchez this am improved my perception of BofA. Engaged, empowered, individuals count!
Sometimes you got to do whats best for you and your life not what everybody else wants you to do.
I had to get my oil changed. I can't decide which is worse: Super Creepy Jiffy Lube guy or being forced to watch Maury.
Are you ok?
thanks 4 follow
Dear apartment building, every other apartment complex has hot water, can we got in on that action? Thanks!
*staring at the police line up* Officer, I believe the man you seek is Number 3.
I can definitely understand how that happened! Yes, we need to!
Pause on the DVR...barn burner between Grizz & Lakers.
My parents insist that I go out but of course I rather just stay home. I'm not normal, LOL
RT : Old buildings are not relics from the past, they are templates for the future.
Thanks for lunch today Baltimore & Greene we serves over 100 sandwiches today with a max 5 minute wait....
"Just because I understand your point of view, doesn't mean I have to agree with it"
OH OK SO WAT U WATCHING
Lol.. but already im getting sleepy..
I agree(:
Even on vacation i'm working…you know me bra bra! Studio tomorrow though…
Let's go Packers!
for every 10 minutes i run, i drink 20 oz.'s of water. there's something wrong with the math here...
TGIF does not no longer exist on Fridays it last all week basicly ur hole life so get down and Thank God I'm Fly (TGIF) fly or die gang
Umm, he scores like 20 ppg. How is that inefficient?
An workshop Sat May 16th in Sacramento, CA. Join us, its free! email
+1 MT : kerry's problem wasn't liberalism, he didnt seem authentic in how he felt about issues. romney has same prob x 1000
You know who wishes they studied patent law, the person who created fire…dumbass.
can we be friends? Lol
Proverbs 23:22 - “Listen to your father, who gave you life, and do not despise your mother when she is old.” (ESV)
Just about to launch a new vid for and ...
Warmer and sunny both Saturday and Sunday. Highs lower 80s today and near 90 Sunday. No rain until late next week at the earliest.
yes it is.
Got money on the nuggets tonight!!
Lessons from watching Hellraiser: Never go home with someone you meet at a bar. Especially if her roommate has a bunch of nails in his face.
I'm off to the heart of Rust Belt Chic, the amazing , to meet some writers.
o.o thought u said he got u o
I'm the type where you'd be sort of sad to see me go but not like, really sad to see me go.
they haven't loaded it onto iTunes because the season states 22 episodes and not 23...so I sent an email ...guess i have 2 wait
That's definitely awesome! Not everyone is able to pull that off.
I'll do my best! Thanks!
Omg iPad I need you to finish charging nowww.
Guided by
2012 whoever...whatever...whenever...wherever...
...it doesn't make you Jesus.
It's sad that people like make money from people and put the money into the pocket.
When making lifestyle changes focus on 1 goal at a time. And when a goal is reached dont forget to reward yourself for your accomplishments!
UGH cannot believe I lost another laundry key......
Thanks for the mention!!
“: #Drake needs to make a new album!” That new shit that you got is overdue
Nice loping hike at Lost Dog Trail today in Scottsdale.
Karoke Tonight starting at 9:00. Come by and play our new instant win game. 1 in 3 will win some great prizes.
I've had the pleasure of being on your source list. I'm sure you'll be using it and will look forward to possibly helping out.
i'll come get it after my workouts tonight
Hope you win the #shortyawards Pey! Hope you are reading this!
Please and thank you!
you better stop by while you're here!
The Sad Saga of the Vanderbilts
Very impressed with customer service. E-mailed them yesterday about an issue - FedEx'd a replacement immediately.
Teaching myself kinematics and. Dynamics for the fucking FE exam is brutal. Need some smart food to get smarter
If you are listening in to the Content & Scope mtg and want to ask a question, please tweet!
lol might be a stretch, but I hope you're right. Grady needs to stop breaking apart.
Almost to the slopes chyea
what are you getting?
ikkkkk 4 of my friends got it I going to kill them all and get there tickets
Love the food, wine and pastry selections at Tartine in Coronado. If they had wifi, it would be perfect.
Let's do lunch. Breakfast burrito & bloodymary for 10 bucks. Add chorizo for a dollar.
Season 2 of Teen Wolf needs to come ASAP!!! The trailer is insanee! =O
Speaking book clubs, after seeing is reading The Family Fang, I've added it to my own reading list. Has anyone else read it?
RT : I've seen the same cylie tweets on my timeline at least 60 times
I've never expected any type of gift from anyone I wrote letters for (and never gotten any). Is this a thing people do?
RT “ R.I.P. & HAPPY BIRTHDAY to Trayvon Martin .”
suddenly I feel under dressed.
Just registered with a site called www.digusout.com They list Companies in the US who actually make products here and we are glovemakers.
love it! The iris close-up was in the field house - I'll show you when they email me mine. Just a really cool detailed eye pic.
I do wish it boy
geez Austin u get up late!! Haha so do I on weekends and when I have breaks!!:D
Today is one of those days where I just need to walk away from the computer...
RT " Don't miss the opportunity to do something better today by wasting time regretting yesterday." ...So true!
I'm like O.O
Just tapped Ninkasi Helles Belles Lager.
Do u have a health & beauty counterpart b/c we have some specials coming out. Thanks.
Does anyone else wake up at 4:30am for graham crackers and peanut butter? Hmm. Just me, then.
Wish you were here too.
You sound silly right now. Then who's gonna properly check KD and Harden? Artest? HA! RT kobe on westbrook.
i really really hate history.
can we please make a statement about c-web's jeans? It's a bad sign when Shaq shows you up!
Oh, thanks! Despite Atlanta Time Machine being one of the best sites ever, I still hadn't seen that picture yet.
tropical leaves
Had fun....she makes me happy
“: Irish will play you anywhere at anytime. Illinois, Ohio, Kentucky, and my favorite Lucas Oil Stadium.”
You get the first dorky quote of the day. awesome.
Here's hoping it's something easy, like anemia. Red meat for everyone!
(jen) morning sync with the lilipip team!
I should like her more because of that but I don't.
pt 2 to my test ! wish me luck
editing today. that thing we photographers do when we're not shooting.
Here's to the Directionators who love Lewis!:)
no, bo! Braves closer is out now
#newspaces4learning and we are at the elementary level..literally and figuratively.
I get so high I touch the sky till I can't even function
WELCOME BACK WORLDPEACE!!!!!
LOL put them in and pop em out !!
Just looked at the ingredients of my yogurt, what is HFCS, corn starch and aspartame doing in there? Should I be concerned?
Awe yeah! Clarkson yeah!
Can't wait to get back to DC tonight and catch up on all the HTJ drama. Work travel is sometimes very inconvenient.
Like my new avatar? <3
Today feels like a Friday:o
What are you doing
I need the starshine of your heavenly eyes, after the day's great sun.
21 candy bars!
There's a web service for people who sign up for too many web services
Glad you are part of my PLN as well!
Now ICONiacz are starting to like ; back off & stick to your ICONic Boyz .
tickets for 3/12 vs Philly. I have $91 seats for $25 each. Let me know how many you need!
How many men does it take to screw in a light bulb? One, men will screw anything.
So sorry to hear that. Give the family our best, and tell them to hang in there!
Use both hands, baby. *smirks*
So if is lucky enough to get a Grammy for his Xmas album, maybe I'll see him there >:)
want another follower?? then go follow right now!!
finding the will to grind on.
Representing and at the Assoc. of Asian Studies Conference in Toronto March 15-18. Booth 310
aw!!! Que cute<3
Loving the Rosebuds! Opening act for Justin Vernon of
Who's this nigga "Jones" ?
hell yes
I never claimed to be more than a one night stand.
Happy to help out. Gives me a gr8 reason to jump back into Twitter Ville :)
2100! YOU GUYS ARE AMAZING!
idk she is jesus therefore she practically invented sports
omg Princeton I love yewww:))))
because its true lol
you re-tweeted everyone but me it seems like :( Haha I made my mom watch The Client List last night ♥
I KNOW! I was to mad when I heard that! -.-
Thanks Leandro "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
Oops. I must have read over the word birthday in your tweet. My mistake.
Dawggg. I can't take it
Who says. Blah blah word anymore?
I Am Demian's Raging Bile Duct
Angelina Jolie - let us not forget she french kisses her brother. Pretty, but come on....
sounding rockets ...Nathan's fav. Wish he were up to watch :(
discovered & his band ohh im in love they are awesome.i love your call me maybe cover.just want you to know you can call me, baby
Three significant elements of public safety: engagement, enforcement and prevention. Focus on gun crimes #seamayor ^ap
I Dont Use The House Phone So Don't Expect To Hear From Me For Like a Weak !!!
I hate acting like I care about shit when I don't.
finally caught up with #GoT and #LegendOfKorra......now what?
You know your fucked when you can't even answer the first question on a test.
i have no plan wtf am i goin to do
we are trying to teach him to stop peeing in the house but thats easy to learn its the bitting that sucks
But Before I Let You Go Away, Can I Get A Kiss Good Night???
back then u was swole AF but what about now g
Did everyone think was the creepy voice? I sure did and a lot of people on tumblr thought that as well. :p
Follow American East Newspaper Conference with
Obviously im not the only one that 'changed'.
are there castings for ANTM cycle 18
front flip?!??!? #xgames ah nutzzzzz that was AWESOME!!! :)
Nothing screams "HELP ME!!" Like the girl in the back of my trunk...
I agree man, glad they didn't go with an Offensive player
In two weeks we will be in first by 3-4 games
That is the great parent.
I am not concerned about the basketball lockout. I was getting tired of millionaires with 41% FThrow who miss 15 foot jumpshots.
I need more cough drops
we should have the site up on our goal date of the 1st, Lilly demanded to be the 1st pet of the month, but who will be next...
If you #standwithwalker, you stand with the only Governor in our state's history that needs a criminal defense fund for massive corruption
My work is a game, a very serious game.
red bringing out the fire?
The rescheduled UX Happy Hour meets Beer && Code is this Wednesday, 1/25 at our HQ from 6:30pm to 10ish. Design meets dev! Come on by!
lol i feel u on that
Final Day of the 2011 season, final collegiate game for our seniors, and our head coach's Birthday Day, big day ahead...
What is the link for your fb page?
Has anyone heard the non remix version of Ignition? I'm starting to think it doesn't exsist...
I'd try to be responsible if won the lottery, Tax attny first, endow , ,and family. Buy Red Key?
true. Thankfully it's short and the plane came in broken. American Eagle reminds me of cut rate Euro lines
Just let me muthafucking love you.
Philly made by default tho..cmon now.
just went crazy and followed all the real housewives i could from
I thought SOPA was what excited Italians use to wash themselves.
..u touched my life yeah 1 day we'll look back we'll smile &we'll laugh But right now we just cry Cause it's so hard to say goodbye..
um girl text me. Lol and why would you be thinking that. Lol ;)
Now playing Roy Ayers "Love from the Sun"
Whew... Never had a convo and it was the wrong person... only during an IM.... LOL now that sucks!
I think he may have also used it for a recent Creole-style Catfish special he ran, but I'm not 100% sure. Will have to check!
I can't believe how many opportunities God has been giving me this year to play music; music with great musicians!
Basketball Wives in three, two, one......
oh wish I was there.
Congrats! That's awesome news! :)
Eww I need new music in my phone! .-.
#ThingsIwantTheMost Sleep, at the moment.
How does the near-universal recognition and knowing embrace of "pious baloney" crack jibe with M Romney's supposed electability....?
Somebody tell Seinfeld that the guy who stole his puffy shirt is at the Fashion Square Car Wash. And he has paired it with a tweed vest.
Cerus (NASDAQ: CERS) to Present at the Stephens Inc. Fall Conference on November 16, 2011
awesome! Our buddies from Planets Align will be playing too, it's gonna be a kick ass night.
Fuck man... I'm really of this boring ass lifestyle, I wanna start flossing and floss hard
Why is that when I book a flight, no more than 48 hours later the airfare drops $50? Had I not bought then the airfare would have gone up!!
I prefer to call it Jarrod Uthoff: The Never-Ending Transfer Story.
I completely agree!!!
let me check with and I'll get back to u
wine in kegs?
100%!!! RT : Hey Cristina! Glad you like the #weeklyfitnesschallenge music! Great music motivates people! Have an awesome day!
“: Who's stronger? Thor or Hulk?” <~ silly question
the LSU at-kansas game. What game are u watching?
We don't get to hear this really good quote? Come ON.
maclin,moss,hicks,d.thomas.which 3??please
Today we'll be at the Regal and we'll give you the rundown on the hottest New Year weekend flicks!
That's the way silo J.
oy vey..no Gregg. Let's just close it out nice and easy.
For some REAL fun, create a master account doc.... #wheresmypersonalassistant ?
I want tickets!
thanks for the RT!
Why the sudden appearance of twitters for the guys' body parts/clothing/personalities?
~80% of tweets and Facebook statuses consist of complaints and boasting. Smh.
Georgetown's MBA Evening Program is an ideal way for working pros to gain the skills needed to advance in their current career
Practice today! Get stoked for new things. Check out our re-release of "We, The Observers." #Apparitions is coming soon.
Hi Scott! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback! Thanks!
Did you ever kill that spider? O_o
Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves
Can't decide what to do for dinner tonight? Any suggestions? Anyone want to join?
Plus, you'll be totally ready for the Waterworld that awaits us.
congrats! RT 3000 followers?! Holy sh*t. New folks,welcome. This will all be on the test. Read the damn syllabus and take notes.
Just making it back from west Memphis..week was too straight"( :
I wanna win #divestock2012 tix! Hard to pick just 1 fave local craft beer but if you insist, I'll say anything
Can we please have new commercials next week for the Final Four. I have these commercials memorized.
Olive oil soap is great for shaving. It moisturizes and leaves your skin soft and smooth.
Oklahoma City goal by Chris VandeVelde at 1:08 into overtime.
Back home from the VCU clinic... Coach Smarts practice was unforgettable. It will be raining 3's at VCU. can't wait to c them on game day
we did hear! Lookin forward to it. The front paddy-o will def be open!
Renfields and DangerKat play Fright Farm tonight!!!! Three cheers for Transylvania! -V
I'm glad because some in 3D just aren't worth the extra charge.
Exhausted :/ ugh. It's going to be a long day at work.
A final dinner before I leave Gotham with Jeffy, VIMP, Meatball, and Rebecca!
I'm ordering my tea today! Which kind should I order for azaleas & rhododendron?
Ran my first Tupperware party tonight. It was a lot of fun!
by the end of the steelers game
Me and my homie out in these streets #turntup!
I smile because I have no idea what is going on
“Put your future in good hands—your own.” ~Unknown
Taught my largest story line and character developement class tonight.
Just completed my first ever 8 mile run!
At my last physical, I asked my doc to measure and chart my waist. CDCP says so!
Fettuccine Alfredo pasta for dinner, yes please!
is that dr pepper? :)
Looking forward to a great night! Dinner followed by Million Dollar Quartet
Apparently there is a #FKNOSM announcement coming from #Facebook right now.
peace and light
First week on the job Got all my IT stuff working. Ready for the world. Hello world! There, I said it.
Showing movie previews in rainy Seattle. You'll be surprised how many sexy women loves Johnny Depp's Rango. That's animated and odd.
Come at me one more time..
#20ThingsIlove: Getting a "good morning" and "good night" text. It's great to know I'm the first or last thing on your mind each day.
so basically u gotta walk on egg shells fot tami then??? Sad
I know it's only Monday, but I can't help planning out a mini vacation for the upcoming weekend with i-deal from
Whilst boogying, I think of myself as humphrey on the chaiselounge-the chaise being the wave... or kevin costner in waterworld.
-Nice #WCCO piece on youth anime party. Congrats!
I'll do it, Robert Hill is lazy!!! Hahaha #gatcho RT : hell nah I thought I was off this weekend son!
you're too sweet!
bout bored af son sittin here playin grant theft auto ps3 somebody hmu
One step closer the the Pac16!
Love the new TV spot... Can't wait to share that out!! (hint hint)
hey congrats on the cover....again
Letting go doesn�t mean giving up ... it means accepting that some things weren�t meant to be
Watch sex and the city 2 OR a deadly firefight with the Taliban Hmm..Get my Guns!!!!
apparently we are all guitarists over here!
Anyone planing a cable protector for the #c300 ? Those two monitor leads freak me out a bit :-/
If you are a wise man train up a son who will be pleasing to God
It's a long way with out you ain't it? But I ain't leaving any time soon baby #np #sammyadams❤❤
hey hon hru?:)
just got mine! quick work only took just over 2 weeks!! :D they are already on!
New Year starting of with with the #packers and #mubb doesn't get much better
dude man, let me rap on that track. I am a famous rapper from Hong Kong, trained by Biggie Smalls himself
Having communication in business is key to surviving; contrary in a relationship of any kind require great communication as well!
hahaha fuck yes, miss you dude
I've had "Crazy Train" stuck in my head all day bc of you ;)
I always wonder if my mom was ever a fangirl like me …
The new Virgin America terminal at JFK coming along nicely, just wish there were a Headed back to LaLa Land
: But they were just doing it for everyone's safety... (she says with SEVERE sarcasm ;) )
then put it through the lexicon
Let Him in
Private Practice finale >>>>
Dont matter... Spurs takin it all tho... >>RT : Nah. Just see past this Heat taking it all facade.
Pretty sure I was treated to Natalie Merchant covering "Stir it Up" while on hold with Walgreen's. We are all lost.
It's keeping them that way that I want to encourage. He's been a good voice as far as I can tell. Like to take him at face value.
On Air Force's TV schedule, also worth mentioning is that the Michigan game will be televised. Or at least I'd be shocked if it's not.
Adults with ADD/ADHD may lack the symptom of hyperactivity, just as children may.
Gonna be a fun weekend with our good friends & shows on feb 24th and 26th download music - get tickets ashlandhigh.com
My team is the French Lickers. Won championship two years in a row.
unless its with waffles that shits sour
like the new avatar! Welcome back to Twitter.
for real!!! Biggest pet peeve
Looks like the 76er is kicking some serious arse for you. Nicely done.
that is not music
yeah so am i jk...
Public meeting on survey results and a potential plan tonight at UPMC South Side. Join us at 6 pm!
What is the next music revolution in USA?
LOl why thank you..
so did we witness a firing on monday? the sched leads me to believe so..
You heard it here first: is going to rock her dissertation defense this afternoon.
Thanks! Come check out our Turkey Tail, the newest addition to the menu! See you soon!
spending the day at the #SmithExtravaganza. Happy Thanksgiving to all!
Common Phx pull your heads out of your asses!!!!! #letsgoyotes!!!
Thank you for following Paige and I Paige is doing great at kicking leukemia's butt Help families by donating
I think with the repeal of Glass-Steagall we would have had some trouble anyway, but borrowing for the wars/cuts buried us.
Just working through some projects... how are you?
All three, plz.
24-17 Predators at the end of the 3rd.
Good Morning! It's the day after Thanksgiving and all through the house, we're all stiring to go out and shop! :) It's 434am!
ah then you're forgiven! :D
FESU Will be taking our songs to the stage headlining Mercury Lounge in NYC on December 5th. Cupcakes will be served. Damn Right!!!
Thanks man! Yeah, hoping it won't be too long!
If your really on your job you are all the way ahead of the game. Im getting ready for august of this year.
Sometimes when people tweet, I think it's about me but then again people think mine are about them. It's a vicious cycle :( Oh, Twitter...
EEEP!! He said I love you too!! My day has been made
You're only hurting yourself with your bitterness. For your own sake, learn from it, & let it go.
I am so JEALOUS!!! I want to hear every last detail!
Exactly. I used to do a lot more music writing and usually had fun with musician interviews. One exception was Kelly Osbourne.
We are one of them! RT @ artinshanaty i just finished two postcards for two different non-profits...i really love it!!!
“: Hot about my KD's” bet Nike will do something about it, call em!
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning,but anyone can start today and make a new ending
RT for a shout out(:
Plotting out our 3 year plan.
Commence the next edition of #MarathonWriting in the office!
Kobe is shitting all over Denver right now
My taste in music varies greatly
Busy preparing for this upcoming Legislative session.
Ms. Moore, here me roar!
‎"It isn't sufficient just to want - you've got to ask yourself what you are going to do to get the things you want." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
mama taught me well!! 🎉
Oh they playing Yeah3x in this restaraunt(:
So far so good with this Creative Cloud. Install applications like mobile apps.
Absolutely. I've always wanted to be Jordy from Star Trek: TNG.
it adds texture
#thatawkwardmoment when you see someone and they recite one of their tweets that you've already read word for word
As the meaning of design and strategy converge all solutions become analogous.
I'm liking this new twitter app lbs
Omg. When I first heard Harry speak I was all like, "why so deep and slow?" and now... i...talk...ju...st...like...th..at. :D
If you gonna try & argue with someone you should probably know facts so you dont end up looking like a DUMBASS !
I agree. I laughed hard. Clever as always and smart humor. The crossing broad one was garbage
DON'T MENTION AN A-BALL NO-HITTER (because nobody cares) : "Brevard County's Hiram Burgos has no-hitter through eight innings."
Thank you for the RT!
austin mahone ♥ i love him
NP: Anthony Hamilton- Pray For Me <3 GN lovelies!
Ugh ACT this saturday... -____-
McMenamins' coffee is wonderful! As is everything else here.
Black Belt's Twitter focus is changing to provide men intel on need-to-attend events for smart, savvy and sexy women around Washington, D.C.
“: So excited to see in NYC! Drinks with pls. ((I will be sure to recognize you right away!!))”//YES!
I wasn't prolife until I miscarried. Had a sonogram prior to this happening. Saw it alive and heart beating. Changed me.
Looks like was right! Pacers will take game 3 & hopefully it will be eye opening for Wade.
"The Author is smarter than the Allegory. The Metaphor is smarter than the Author." - Wolfgang Emmerich (orig. German)
Thanks, Kati! Hope you'll pass the word along. Have a great day. They're threatening us with snow tonight. Ugh!
our advice is eat #magiccookies and drink #loseitshakes--then take that mirror ball home!!
Cool. Sent you an e-mail about it.
“: I see FL won't let u go” AAHhhhhhh! :/ everything happens for a reason. Do you miss FL and the curvy miami Latinas
Came up on a camera. And a ring.
Thank you everyone!
...make that nasty freaks-
@ terroir. Summer of riesling!
We are headed several places this year.. Israel, Croatia, Dubai, Cuba, Abu Dhabi and more! You must be so excited to travel!
People will talk down on you because you are willing to work harder at your dreams than they will for theirs .......
Address of Plano Sports Authority 2 is 601 Seabrook. Don't use Google for directions/map; you will end up at PSA 1. Please RT!
MT : - I'd pay money for video of or doing the dougie. [alternate revenue stream?]
srry i couldnt uplaod my wattpad story iamma tell u the truth i am in a friends house and my computer doesnrt work so iamma try to finnish..
You bet! [RT]: brunch tomorrow, noon, Benelux?
You Know, I Hate My Profile Pic! I'll Eliminate It Forever!
It's a delicate procedure.
why not? Booyah
Thanks! I def want 2 borrow it ;) & I'm good :) How r u?
Asdfghjkl ; followed me .
'the squirrels here are really friendly'
Happy Mother's Day
I follow you and reiationship
he needs to update his messenger (so do i)
On my way to work. Waiting for a train. Delayed as usual.
that sounds delicious. and I had FOB roast beef in Madison
RT : S/o to #TeamUET go support that new music!!!
Targacept received notice of termination of collaboration with AstraZeneca
An honor RT I don't usually do this, but here goes. #FF Team OC:
30 days to Texas RoundUp and a step toward a healthier lifestyle! Family Mile or 5K. Join us for this Austin classic on April 28....
JUST BOUGHT THE BEST SEATS TO SEE IN CONCERT FOR 2O13 ! OMGGOSHH <3333333
Ferret sitting for a friend this week. The slinky of the animal kingdom! Although she'll never admit it, I think my cat's made a new friend.
2 be honest I knew all along... I want so bad to please Him that I'm like a bloodhound I will go hard & then keep going Continued next tweet
I watched mission impossible last night.. I must say, Tom cruise is very attractive.
thank you both! means a lot!!!!
I cannot honestly say that there is a food I hate intensely with the notable exception of mayonnaise.
When was the last time 3 teams from the same town on the same night all took home the win?
Would you like to start your jail sentence on April 20th? Umm no I have "Joint" committee thing soo I cant!.
<---This guy is beyond fascinating. Has the entire #HIMC group captivated.
We still have Blue Berry Pancakes!
When I start work on the third and final #novel in the Temperature series it will start as an #eBook. More about that later this year.
Happy Mother's Day, but where's my mother..? Woke up and she's not here... A little strange
Terrible day....
Call JD Systems Toll Free: 877.778.JDTV(5388) for all your Audio and Video needs!
is the current domicile on the market yet?
You like who you like.. right?
Listening to on kpft on SOS radio
Game set match!!!
How's that bat coming around? saw you last yr in dayton. Hurry up and get to the big's. we need a speedy leadoff man
RT : So glad you made it--we'll see you soon! RT : Finally in Columbus ! Thanks and everyone at
Watching Patrick Swayze in RoadHouse! It's a shame a man with that much talent was taken but the Lindsay Lohans are still trolling around.
Lady Duet, Kockiee, and Reggie CashFlow live 2night @ the hottest strip club n da bay - Bottoms Up!!
Twellman inadvertently points out the big flaw in Pajoy's game, saying he needs to be a hold up player now.
I had to be to work @ 8 and the opening manager still isn't here.
Rain time <3
True Story RT ": I'm too cool for TWITTER"
Possible that new sections will be added for high-demand classes. Contact your department directly with questions.
You can only do so much!
Where did this weather come from? And has it lowered the Pollen count? Umm not really.. we are hitting around 10.2 for the day!
Fool just tried a twista song at karaoke. Can't suck harder than that.
how you know you've met a future a miller lite creeper tries to buy you a jager shot, she gets her male friend to step in.
I know I just saw it, this breaks my heart </3
": so much to unlearn". And so much of my ignorance to discover
I freaking love you. That is why i am sharing this free promotion site with you. site is on my profile. :)
Normally I make an effort to look halfway decent before I go to main. Today is not one of those days.
hehe, drafting decisions in #PiratesDBG are perplexing :)
where are you located?
-I Love My Bitch She Crazy,,,
Wow my grammar sounds like an asians in that last tweet. lmao
#fashion #blogger ladies! interested in being in a reality show? send me ur email!
next time, Opeth open for Katatonia...
Sometimes I forget that I'm not a princess and everything I say and do isn't right...
QT : Secret life!(omg has me addicted now...:/
Had to check with husband because he still reads it every day.
America... Fuck yeah!!
Just remembered that I have a lax game today :(
When's the last time you put out a press release? When's the last time someone #outside your company read your press release?
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!
i hate those judges! What comp. was it?
Gharibian-miller.. It was a beaut :)
h yeahh let me just wait forever till you get here are you kidding me?? it could have called up his homies!
Monica Palmirani is showing how Akoma Ntoso can even be applied to 100's of years old docs with images, alternate formatting.
gwaf with the knee brace
Wakin' up to a rainy day in Florida. Hey it's better than the 18 degree morning Olbermann is having up in Cornell.
: thanks so much! Feel free to post on our forum! Your work is amazing! We love inspiration!
“: God is Good All the Time! End of story . Yep #Truelove". Amen brother, learn it, live it, love it.
Commission business meeting back in session.
this is what Sudan is like
you don't even know me
since when to you drink white wine?! I thought it was vodka all the way... #classy as long as it's not from a box
Happy to be back after an awesome vacation with family and friends!
sissy call/txt me we gotta tlk
: You helped me thru dark hours, Video Americain (Charles Village location).
Ppl Damn ppl! YE
The Steve Williams chatter about Tiger begins...
Its that time of the year !!
Free Math Help is being offered at the Main library on March 4th and 25th at 2pm. All ages are welcome and no registration is necessary.
thank you
Why did they cut salisbury out? Best part.
Philosophy class and bullshitting were definitely meant to be
"People who make progress every day toward something they care about report being satisfied and fulfilled."
I'd help you if I could!
#ArianaFacts she is allergic to pink champagne and when she drinks It she sees purple rain
I did that & loved middle school kids for their sense of humor. Appreciate who & where they are in life.
Scalp Problem Model search list Model search events are a great way to find modeling agencies and become a model
What do YOU think? All of the stunts Amazon's pulled, perhaps now because of Apple they no longer have to deal with them?
these next two weekends are gonna be bomb i already know.
Poythress, Goodwin, and Bennett are hanging together. Good sign?
Fortunately for her, im a cannabaker:)
Are you using it?
oh yeah I am. Love it!!
I forreal am giving up on you
Sample: "Batracchomyomachia, or the Homerican Battel between Frogs and Mice, neatly described upon the Chizel Bone of a large Pike's Jaw."
I FILED FEBRUARY 2011, AND THE LONGEST WAIT THEY SAY IS A YEAR AND A HALF, SO I AM STILL LOOKING AT POSSIBLY A JULY HEARING...
Nice to bump into you on Twitter. Looks like you've been here a while..surprised it didn't happen sooner. Hope all is well!
Spontaneous streak is on. Sign up now and get ready to streak. Vandy Belmont area
finally someone picks the Brewers but coming from #YCPB, maybe I shouldn't get too excited.
thanks for the RTs
Haven't come out with that first list yet, but I think he'll be around 3rd or 4th.
Bolaris is a rock star...
Whose babies?
Polls are closed. GO
RT : Slowly losing hope.
how many of you picked Lehigh in your first bracket???
lol weirdo shut up you liked it
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW HURRY SHE FOLLOWS BACK GOGOGO!!
Great job today RockStar!!!
Finished the Steve Jobs biography. I have a new appreciation for the art of products and the necessity of focus.
Is it possible to take screen shots with droids?
Getting ready to do some retail therapy!!
Thank you fine sir that should be lots of help!
Oh goodness! Be careful!
no no it wasn't my socks lol it was an OH (over heard) ;)
If I had a garden I’d put your tulips and my tulips together.
So, we meet again, Mr. Hess- but this time the advantage is mine! ^_-
miss you too man, you'll be out this way soon, yeah?
why has it been years since you last tried?
Oh! Beach day is breezy and cold
baby im not FROM memphis so dats y
mandey need to call me...
Yeah I like you but I'm NOT giving up my guy friends for you they were here before you they'll be here when your gone !
follow please.?(:
nothing trying to get my lazy ass up
"Your destiny is shaped in your moment of decision."
well im gay so my intentions would differ HAHAHA
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 13
or we could open out bed & breakfast :)
Cool finds!
*She thinks I can't go twice in one day. *My treadmill
Utah State softball set for season finale against No. 12 Hawaii Saturday - Deseret News
Still going. My current distance is 3.49 miles. Current song is I Hate Everything About You - Three Days Grace
": Tomorrow! #SugarBowl #Michigan vs #VirginiaTech! Can't wait!!! #GoBlue"Hail to the Victors!
Not even sleepie
I remember when you weren't a celeb, and you were hosting open mic's in the hood... How far you've come my friend...
I still always think about getting one on my waist but I'm not sure enough about it so I probably won't.
appreciate it
RT : "Nurture your family...because they will sustain you for the long hall." Kim Bobo at
If you like me,just tell me please.
We stopped him. Our defense is REAL.
the puppy on #modernfamily is adorable, and has such great comedic timing!
Bruh I think I loss 10 dollars @ old navy at the collierville Mall tryen to get some Nike Socks
isn't a Spurs party called Fiesta?
These bitches need to get it together.
Haven't you been doing nothing BUT studying?!.. Or were you just Tumblring with your books open. Hahaha
My dog perked up & got really confused watching the Star Wars VW commercial. Then he went back to sleep.
Listening to your first album and your such a great voice looking forward to hearing things like this soon as well
what?o.O
lol no not in the least... but its so good! =]
You can find some great stuff there lol
That-a-way uconn!!!!
if you have access to some newsy comm real estate data, I'd be interested in both! ;)
Congrats to on his NBA Rookie of the Year award. Class act. Cavs future bright with Irving, Tristan Thompson and lottery pick.
thank you! We really enjoyed having you come to #p2accessorize4mom today. Enjoy picks :)
It simply sucked; I'd take any fast food burger over this crap.
Baby N does have some cute swimsuits she needs to use!
Riding the Max train seeing all these tweakers has me looking around for the Intervention film crew
Thank you Troy!
tell wats up
SJobs was sayin that too - we r happiest when we r doing our craft, what we r meant to do....(sorry 4shorthand, real writer!)
loving San Francisco so far, being able to walk around and take public transit is nice.
lots of great tips. Need more white vinegar.
meditation and bible study time for a quick spell=)
"A date which will live in infamy." Pearl Harbor attack on 12/7/41 killed 2,400 servicemen, injured 1,200, and launched America into WWII.
Aw, Danielle, so sweet of you. I really needed the boost today. Thanks so much + love you!
I was home last Thanksgiving.
yeah sure
“: If you trust in your god why don't you let priest's make your medicine?” Or babysit your children?
"seam seam salibeam" Brandon keeps sending me saying this quote and it's now stuck in my head. Do you now the movie?
watching the MJ memorial on CNN live...so sad...RIP MJ
I just love to prove people wrong
glad we got to put on a show for you two, and reality meet you!
Early Morning Love from STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT
you should be hoping he gets to play at all the rest of the playoffs. If he tore it, he's done.
What a treat. Found an EP Carillo short run robusto hiding out in the humidor.
I did text you :/<3
St Paddy's Day Green Flavor ! Get you some-
The Living God IS heaven ...if He doesn't look like heaven to you it'll probly be HELL
lol :) Maybe you will win one yet! I can send pics :)
My buddy is trying to get rid of his Ultra ticket in Atlanta: $350 OBO
haha lucky:) mine started about 2 weeks ago
I love that you love the Ravens
Gmail. I love you and all, but you make designing newsletter templates a pain in the ass.
- Hope to see Chicago show in July but will do the Red Rocks shows in September.
Tap-N-Burn is seeking instructors in the Dallas, Texas area. Licensing & training in 02/12. Email for info. Please RT!
Love the red and black - pretty! I'm great, thanks! Busy! OxoA
I would prefer it be Charlotte, but at the end of the day Cary is a lot closer than DC or Atl (maybe some day)
Endless (Forever available) Romance Prom D: lol
Hey Hey to you! Ahh! I miss you too!
I am going to start snappin on these little kids that keep stopping in the middle of the hall
If you have shaggy brown hair and bicycle toned legs, well too bad, because I already have a crush on you.
wait shirts for what? Remind me? Grad?
Exhausted from soccer tryouts. Two hours of conditioning plus an hour of skill practice. Soccer rest of the week then dance over weekend(:
:) I had a community walkthrough
": Mr. on 2nd reference. Look it up." So when you make it big do you still have to buy your own AP Stylebook? ;)
Just realized I'm a fan of mutiple carolina teams hm how did that happen?
if u datin a girl 4 a week nd she expect u to say i luv u 2 her
so do you, and you funny :)
": RT throw it away : i HATE this phone !" trust me as soon as I getta NEW one !
Happy Saturday friends! Looking forward to a day/night of fun!
I always find it funny that in a world that has so many different ways to communicate, communication among us still gets effed up a lot.
What SPA did you visit this SPA WEEK? Tell us your favorite spa in the DC,MD,VA area & one reason why you love that spa.
Booked my tickets to see with ! ADVENTURE!
Just witnessed get two pies in the face
Hey #sachat - Does anyone have any great FREE staff in/out board software? Looking for ways to help my front desk!
Man, Whole Foods have the best hot food.
“: .“: And the bus bully strikes again. #ihatethisguy” ---who is that?” this dude on the bus who acts like a bully
smh im super young!!!
Congratulations Seniors! We'll miss you guys.
ok, I'm supposed to head up there with my boy, hopefully I'll get to see you :)
Its fuckin freezing outside
I'm renaming my toilet to "government think tank"
Day almost ruined by unexpected medical bills (nothing crazy). Day saved by the Health Savings Account I almost forgot about. Phew.
Excited for tomorrow night but idk if I'm ready for it haha! It's gonna be crazy!
Today, fans wwe I wanted to tell the sad news wwe diva Maryse fired,
The skins defense needs to be reviewed as well.
Did I buy a Christmas/thank you gift today? Yes. President of the
Well, the duck tongue was very spicy, peppery, not meaty but very chewy like undercooked squid or octopus. Lots of exotic food!
Cause for now he has like a MILLION guys crushing on him haha xP but yeah i understand, and i agree i can't see it either
Popdust Music Site Branches Into Fashion With The Launch Of Its First Pop-up Online Store Popdust Style
I enjoy porn every bluemoon, but its still absolutely not wht I want my son or daughters doin to feel secure in feeding their families
NC vs NC State Kentucky vs Florida 2 great games!
Tired as shit ready 2 go hme n put on ma spacesuit lol
Thank you . Look forward for reading your tweets also!
"Dude those are some sick suspenders."
HA! “: Anyone still making excuses for Heckert/Holmgren...please go cover yourselves in gasoline and light a match. #Browns”
thanks, glad to not see any hecklers in the crowd!
Woke up & realized #playoff loss wasn't just a bad dream...oh well there's
Hocus Pocus. Childhood fave. Such a great way to end October!
Today's Legal Tip: Interview Questions that are not allowed: are you married? planning to get married? have ?children
Hands down, I'm too proud for lovee
ha thanks :D
I'm in a hospital with pain, not sickness - to clarify. They ARE different. And I don't like being dotted on. But welcome visitors!
Nothing is more annoying than the new Aflac commercial. I have never been so tempted to ring a ducks neck before in my life.
you get any offers? or are you sticking with the UFL?
Hi, Mark! Thanks for following me!
Discovered an unopened box of Girl Scout thin mints. Oh happy day!
Sentence found in the YMCA men’s room: “He fell out of love with his sideburns but they refused to leave on their own.” Can anyone claim?
2/1/1784-> Lafayette: Envious of none, I am determined to be pleased with all.
#Cancers have frequent mood swings, and we feel our way through life.
get comfortable being you. who knows how long you have to do it, & it's the biggest favor you can do for yourself and everyone around you.
Let us know what U think! RT: Just got my box of cereal in the mail can't wait to try it.. #SnackTime?
I vote for reschedule.
the "secret" was that Terry mcallister was going to ask me out. I told him I had a bf. I feel bad but I can't believe
Me RT : who up?
what??? Que? Lol I don't understand
Thanks for the plug!
you got it! adding that to my list :P
kill them with kindness.
Want to take this time to say "THANKS" to all those who have subscribed to the Cenantua's Blog FB page so far!
oh be quiet lol
What genre would you label us as?
cmon pack it up. lets go!
I love eating squash even though it looks like baby food.
A BtoB magazine poll shows that 62% of marketers are either increasing or maintaining their event marketing budgets for 2012.
"You can't take a black man's kool-ade!" - Ice T on Live with Kelly *face palm*
The novelty of using a push mower ends the moment I sit down, my head paused spinning just long enough to ask what the hell I'm doing.
Hold Up! U haven't been watching?! Tisk! 😉“: I need to watch this show. Love Kerry Washington!”
This #Magic film on ESPN is pretty good.
Learn from the mistakes of others, life's too short to make them all yourself
Aw snap, Corey Red is back! Big Ups to all the artists & KMRS
We all make mistakes. Some of us have just learned to apologize, grow from them, and move on. Don't let an error paralyze you...
wow! That's awesome! How many screens is that total?
$5 Gyros from 11am - 4pm. Tell me that doesn't cheer up your Tuesday afternoon!
it's mesmerizing
#OH I'm probably the only person that's flattered when someone takes the time to post comment spa on my blog...
Yess, this is true. ;)
That is bad! I didn't think it was possible
Write your sad times in the sand so the pain will wash away and write your happy times in stone, so the memories will never fade.
throw in a job search (and subtract a few articles) and I am right there with you!
What is more wrong: Destroying the city with a deathly pension budget? Or taking away guaranteed City pension?
you did really good tonight! <21
two dinners this week?! #rucky you
Need to figure out which devices, explain value of skill. Do you grade mobile research or is it extra credit?
I like it! Go Red Legs!
just thinkin of that after seein dude rockin one on the bus - makes you choose mixes wisely
Starters tonight foie gras special and classic onion soup. Then scallops and duck confit with truffle risotto and squash as entrees.
Thanks for meeting with us today, our staff is excited about moving forward.
Holy Pajamas! The Junior Board just crossed $6,100! Love.
Always restless.
"The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it." ~Henry David Thoreau (via )
Tebow!! this is the first time that ive been on and you've been on, haha its kinda cool :), God Bless, your a really great guy :)
Nice! How was the fairgrounds and ?
We fought hard Avon.
have you seen lately? He had a crazy hot chick last time I saw him...
Finally accepted that you're a nice boy.
Dont forget we have homecoming tickets on sale, get yours before they are gone. www.friendsofhowardfootball.org
wow 91st min disturbed
Here we go,,,Wade will win
I know!
And Book Hill Park is shaded place to rest above the buzz of Wisconsin Ave.
"the skeleton can not finish his protien shake"
Big HoS Week! A great Cyber Monday and tonight, a launch party/tea tasting to celebrate the online store. Extreme gratitude for all...
The Element has had many looks thru-out the years
co owner here
Just got done shooting this Russian Mafia film
golden globes is tomorrow night looking forward to it
Thanks for the favorite!
Went great--just one performance last Friday, one this weekend, hopefully more to come.
Anyways someone should text my line
your very pretty!please tweet back
Great! Look forward to your submission! We will be live on Dan Savage's Lovecast this afternoon. Will try to give you a plug.
Light is sweet,and it pleases the eyes to see the sun (Ecclesiastes 11:7) Its a blessing to be able to see another day
Lowest gas price in Madison is at the Clark station on the corner of Park St. & Olin. $3.59/gal. Get a step ahead and pay less for gas.
thanks :) && I seriouslyy miss my ipod! I should be getting an iphone soon tho, lol :)
Need to wake up damnittt, Monday morning is going to be a slap in the face
hahah yeah till try! thatd suck =p and btw great job with the cover! sounds really good and also really clear!
we did! Good luck
i even made a resume & it still didnt work...
y'all better show out
Actually Reading a book #SteveHarvey #
“: At work watching our supervisor perform on CBS :) ”>>>Awww YAY! Glad you all caught the show 😁
ok first question who was the first guy too submit vitor belfort by submission?
It's really about time my iPhone learn the word "BTDubs"
to its done homie I Snapped onthat shit doggy doggy!! When you wanna link up so I can show you thy ish before recording??
hybrid theory is still one of my favorite albums.
Awesome! Didn't know about Animal Collective and Best Coast! Will have to look up the others
This #ShoBox is bizarre. What's up with the ring card girls? Villanueva looked sharp
You never texted me back.... Haha did you leave yet? Your hair looks nice. :P
No, that was some drunk tweeting.
I wanna bleach my hair today. Let's see if my mother will take me.
I am live in 5 mins with new info on shots fired near 94 and Mass. Ave in Lemon Grove. No suspects, no one injured as of now.
Awww, one of my supervisors at my internship left me a bag of my favorite candy... Reese's Eggs! I'll miss my CRDL family when I graduate :(
What flavor? -MB
THE RIGHT STUFF! I love my
Thanks for following!
idk I feel dumb
What is that smell #valencia #stevensonranch?
Not so excited about Mother's Day
Just got done with NFTC.. And I killed! Im proud of my self! S/O to everybody that wished me luck!! All the motivation helped me!
Listening to the latest rough mixes and feeling very pleased. (Special thanks to !)
Don't care for her style of singing. Too much Whitney Houston for me.
W/ all the weight folks lose on #DWTS, you should open a dance studio! Los Feliz biz idea; come in zaftig, leave svelte!
I offer free Google Places setup with any new social media contract. This is great info!
ESPN 30 For 30? RT : When are we going to learn about the George Kokinis story???
Louisville... Impressive win.
Even the guy playing Rochefort was just doing a Michael Wincott impression. But Walsh wishes he was Tim Curry... Ugh.
I will
People are pissing me off. And my dumbass teacher made us come out side to sit for an hour with no shade. I wanna go home.
Our first ever power outage! Exciting times on the hill...
we'd be honored to throw a retirement dinner !
You have no idea how incredibly Sarah Lawrence that sounds. I'm actually convinced one of the theatre kids will do that.
OW WELL I LOVE ITS FUNNY
does that mean you want to see me ? 💪
wow that's hot. Hahahhaha.
Smart by Ricky. Maybe that will knock Dickey out of the game and the Marlins will get to face the Mets bullpen.
Grand Theft Auto is the only way I can express myself freely without any consequences
Good thing got rid of wade Phillips
I need you you'll make me better.
I wonder if the dude next to me will ever have any regrets about tattooing the Playboy Bunny logo on his neck . . .
Warm up with our Dbl Punch Drink of the Day: White Chocolate Macadamia Nut Mocha. Last day of our current SALE 10-30% OFF of Everything.
Well tonight was an emotional night, atleast it is ending on a good note!
i should probably clean my room, or do my homework, or go to the gym..but no. im on my laptop...
Also: in relation to every tweet I've tweeted tonight I am fully aware
Are these the new episodes? I'm excited!
#TheThingIHateMost waking up early for school...
After sleeping for 10 hours I suppose I should get out of bed and start celebrating #EarthDay in the rain! 🌻☔
regardless, that tweet was insensitive and disrespectful. Unfollow.
“ #Taurus won't beat around the bush, they will trample right through it.”
Is it just me or am I the only one that craves to play Pokemon games on gameboy pockets? No touchscreen, nothing fancy. Just Pokemon.
Way to be a gentlemen fuck you.
eminem space bound eminem beautiful eminem 25 to life eminem going throught changes eminm not afraid eminem talkin 2 myself
It's pouring rain this morning and I love it!
Help us
Full spread: donuts cookies brownies...... jealous.
my life isnt over,but yea at the moment
OMG! Olly you're here in NYC!! :)
Playground Elite will compete again in the NIKE League, this weekend in Virginia.
Going to tomorrow. Haven't been in 3 years! Probably not going to eat for the next 48 hours.
The more I tell myself to forget you.the more I can't."
can't sleep...ughh
Bro I left my charger in yo car tell Marcus to bring it in the AM
Spurs flags up on the ride! :)
still time to get someone you love a gift card from Delicious Planet!! EZ breezy :)
I remember one day I said I love you so much, that no matter how much you hurt me, I'll never walk away. Then one day you left.
Happy Thanksgiving - Take time to count your blessings and to be nice to the dysfunctional family members and friends who are joining you.
Leaving a week of paradise. Goodbye ocean. On a flight with David Axelrod. P
Love my
What do you think of this years Stanley cup playoffs so far? Any predictions on the finals?
when someone tells me they have gauges or want them I think they're referring to the speedometer, tachometer, and oil pressure gauge in cars
We will be closed today (Monday April 2). We will be open Tuesday for our regular hours. See you tomorrow! ;-)
love the freaking beach...! Booya!
"Fortune favors the brave." - Publius Terence
Humor is harmful, and can ruin lives
Looks like another HOT week in Raleigh coming up! 90 - 95 every day..... Baseball practice tomorrow - bring lots of water!
Bout to get ready to leave my house!
Still in a New York state of mind.
Hard work and talent...
Is Playstation Network back up yet? I'm starting to have withdrawals. *Smh*
way to go!
lmfao!!! Omg . I would of died
Bored as hell
We want in for the next volunteer night at
Down to the wire #volunteers up 60-59. 46.1 sec left.
if it's really all "random" then there is no solution... if you really believe that, what's the point in fighting it?
live life to the fullest.
yea she is like a big sister and very smart with the YouTube stuff
Bitches are so trashy... Even on Easter! Lol... SMH #WhenIsGarbageDay?
OK, updated request for help in SF: Just need about an hour of someone's time starting between 1 and 4pm, just to get stuff INTO the truck.
Love that song too :) That song is amazing live :D
Bouta be the busiest day of my life.
YOur always welcome. ^^
Not sure. She's on FB but has no interest in twitter.
#Rd2Bonnaroo lineup tonight is sweet but has got our #vote even though it's not counted!
yep! another 9 days
WTF are you doing out there. I don't understand the noises coming out of you.
i dont feel good:(
In the background...The Richest Girl in the World (1934)
i'm at LAX too!
So can we be that sexy english teacher you always wished you had?
On the last episode of
I like the term hypercoordination to describe that.
"See, we plan ahead. That way we don't do anything right now."
Interesting day in Wisconsin politics. I think the GOP narrowly holds off the Democrats to retain power in the state Senate.
Makes zero sense.
Ready for the summer .
oh man I love a good strawberry rhubarb pie. This is going to ruin my diet plans.
Breaking Bad season 3, Big Love season 3, Sopranos season 2, Whisker Wars season 1.
lmao jus say the cat for now on
...you did great driving the 5 speed stang! As long as you can drive me to the hospital. That's the point! lol love you
I sent a proposal via the woofu form. On "How to talk to a real, live user". I can do something else.
No rents for me. Going to the park, hmu if you want to chill
So my idea made it to the second round in #swroc but didn't get a team formed around it. Working on SkillsTrader.
but we all have our unshared personal archives. Hence the value of #criticalcommons for another mode of collab
The #SOPA protest is going to be insane! Planners include
when a memmory comes into your mind every time you hear a particular song >>> & call me maybe hahahaha (:
i'LL BELiEVE iT WHEN iT HAPPENS...
Dnt wanna lose over no dumb hoe
I thought 50 Shade of Grey was a damn good suggestion
I Love <3
You get what you give.
Prepared all day for a 3 hr class tonight only to find we can leave if we're not presenting today!
RMG was part of CBSFreeFM. We stuck w/em since. A solid show every day, funny, topical, in the wheelhouse of a zone listener
Boarding at gate L8 and the flight is, in fact, late.
Not average of all penis.....just the average of small penis
Come and get into the spirit of the holidays at Gibson Library tomorrow at 10:30 a.m. as they present a holiday movie!
Nice! Been there but it was frozen...
I wanna have a Thunder watch party with my friends, I think I should get this plan in motion. :)
When you have a relationship problem in business you will need more women. Brittingham prefers to help grow woman-owned businesses
I hate when someones taken and they try to come flirt with me unless you're Justin Bieber then leave.
biology test; done. 
good vibes being sent :)
I guess on second thought Wood decided not to be 'that guy'.
Humor is something that thrives between man's aspirations and his limitations
Paolo: GRAZIE to you!!!
THAT is one of the greatest problems in education. Teachers should not feel threatened by mommy/daddy administrators
Future of the Academy: Peer-2-Peer Review and Data as Public Domain to create enriched mash-up culture
Literary Criticism Professor loves #tvtropes . This day keeps getting better!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!😢
Going running around the neighborhood with Molly, Olivia and Jess,(:
hey guys! have fun learning about twitter!
those are the bandwagon fans dude
best quote, best movie!
“: Metta World Peace: "I thought we did OK."” lol'd
Why do I care so much anyways..?
just bought some Lucky Strike candy cigarettes, BOOM flashback to memories of being like 7 ♥
Matt Barnes starts are officially events now. Been a while since that's been true of a Sox pitching prospect. Buchholz, maybe?
It's true tho. It's too comfortable haha you know what i'm talking about
IF YOU CAN READ THIS.....back up off my dick...
we try to innovate | When our competitors follow our lead, we smile, we reflect, we then design new ways to deliver value |
haha oh duh
Denmark? I would love to see Denmark someday...
no they wouldn't. And the heat are gonna lose anyway
I saw them on my berry! :)
My allergies have been insane. Weirdest part is they are much better when I'm outside. Anyone else have this problem?
BREAKING: New iPad is "amazing."
Designing NCR forms - Invoices and Estimate Sheets
Agh he freakin' ditched my ass :o
that's what i'm hoping! i've never been grounded this long ever.
#freestuff Chris Godar or Madison's Zimbrick Honda is giving away $100 at Fleming's. Only 7 entries so far! Easy!!
Who dates Sam Jackson?
Thanks to everyone who voted for Screen on the Green in this year's #BestOfDC Reader's Poll! Can't wait to see you this summer!
F is for friends that do stuff together
you create apps correct ?
Next at Townshend's Tea on Alberta. Meeting w/an insurance broker who some say speaks plain English re: health insurance for self-employeds!
Essex day festival. Then route
No, I think I was 55. #Eek!
don't lie to yourself... cause I know that you care about me..
Is there a track meet or softball game on Friday? I really want to come watch ya'll!
It's storming and hailing... Texas weather is even crazier than Cincinnati
I gotta see Megamind, I don't even like cartoons but this shit looks funny! RT and Follow me <----------
Getting ready for Jim Isom's session on early settlements of FPC
I needed to know about that crotch distance?!
sick movie !
The elevator to success is out of order. You'll have to use the stairs... one step at a time. ~ Joe Girard ~
The benevolent Beastie: Adam Yauch remembered for rhymes and more
A+ shopping. Love Pilgrim and it's beautiful on blu. So many great extras on that baby.
I hate this series... Had a 6 team parlay worth 2400 in game 1... Just needed Memphis to win.. Had the under on Monday. Overtime
“: Who wanna help me with Econ?” so many people in Madison are asking this question right now
I hope you'll never take steps backwards. All i hear is you want to move on with your life .
any news on trades for the packer rb?
"Thao! Stop tweeting about me!" -
That's why it's such a cliche. It was the worst part of Iron Man 2, when War Machine and Iron Man fought. You didn't care who won.
Sharing is caring.
I didn't know about the new sides!
Good night twitter tweeps! Opening my store again tomorrow.working until noon, then downtown for
Just biked 7.4 miles -- feels good.
Partying tomorrow with my crew(;
your Twitter picture is awesome
Example of me not being a morning person: show up at the WRONG restaurant to meet for coffee 2day. It's gonna be that kinda day ;)
caffeine: check. nicotine: check. thc: check. ready to start my day!
RT : Raising awareness for colon cancer, thanks to John Hovel, a survivor for joining us and Dr. Kirk Ludwig for the facts
So mad I missed it. RT : On campus at UWM for Broke Students Dining presentation.
I can't always carry the conversation!
Ha! Ouch, that stung a little.
I know I'm supposed to find solace in your joy but u only replied out of spite so I hope your cup overflows & is over-brewed
"I feel pretty Oh so pretty I feel pretty and witty and bright"
Will write another study... But working on a book for now :)
This. RT : TR Tsipras: Our enemies do not wear hoods; they wear ties and they are in offices
ah fuck..why am i so dumb like honestly
im home already duh wbu?
This seems like a game the Clippers are missing Billups. Off shot making alone.
I'm with you on that one. The freezing just started recently but its pretty bad.
You deserve it!!!
Going to see tomorrow. Fun.
Coming up next on the TJMS: Stephanie Robinson has your commentary! She's putting some purpose in the party!
Fun thing to type in editing notes for the day: "Can we italicize 'cow'?"
#nowplaying Monopoly.....wait a minute.
Seriously, how can it be considered stealing when my neighbor’s Wi-fi signal was trespassing in my house? I’m the victim here!
"you betta tell em how I'm rockin mama"
Erbody want yo #bitch if or wen u got one
Do you like Latin girls? ;)
How many times can you accept the apology of the same mistakes? It's not even a mistake anymore, it's more to your choice to do it.
Who do we bring in?
Sapong's tried the diving header about 7 times now. He'll get one
thank you!
Life is amazing :)
Visa & Niners teamed up in 2009 to put the logo on their practice jerseys. Just for practice.
I'm not the only one still here either!
Don't know what is more depressing, hungry emaciated children in Somalia, or obese, in the West.
Day 1 of spring semester.
Now how you doing? ;) just thought you might like our music. Follow us you won't regret it. Thanks
Nice botch, Cena.
Good Quote: Do you know that the harder thing to do and the right thing to do are usually the same thing? Nothing that has meaning is easy
I'm a big fan of Apple too!!!! They actually haven't done the labor yet, just ordered the parts. Glad it will be like new soon.
#imaluckyguy I'm hecka in love
I heard you were on here zack did you give up FB?
Why the fuck did & i just c a dude jump out of the passenger side of a car going 20mph by Atlantic station then take off runnin
idk what that mean but yea
sounds like a good story!
No I don't live MY life YOUR way. Ugh! I can't see you in the dark. That is correct you have no shinning light beaming around U. IDIOT
Of Course Kate Middleton Is Nicer to Salespeople Than You Are: On a recent shopping trip to French Connection, the ...
I did see that! In the theater waiting to see Hunger Games. I was into it. But you're right... it seems destined to be underwhelming.
Did U kno: We love performing so much we use ALL of the time allowed by WGI? We don't leave U until we have to!
ah!That sucks /: btw where do you live?(:
Happy birthday to Sidney Bechet, jazz composer, saxophonist & clarinetist, who was born in New Orleans today in 1897.
yes :) can't wait
Jennings wasn't very good w/Colts. Much better with Bears. System or player?
Nail club & Spa Salon is creative and innovative. Our customer like to come to us because we use new, comfortable stations and equipments.
ugh who curz just ignore her then
Yep! The old Reunion Rowdies are so sad at the current day ticket holders (generally speaking, of course).
I know! I still miss the Avalon. All we are going to have left are a bunch of boring massive chains.
The outsiders is my favourite and Ugh ponyboy and johnny are my LOVES
"I love PBR, it tastes like blood." Yet again, another quote from a student in my PR class...
Well there goes me sleeping in. Guess I'm supposed to be doing something.
Yessir, neat story - best of luck! RT glad you liked the story! Thanks!
Georgia field goal is no good! PREDS WIN!
Trader joes makes me feel like a girl shopping for shoes
Be grateful for what you have, while in pursuit of what you want ~ Jim Rohn
never that .....When Have I ever started things lol
Thanks for stopping in! RT : had a really good cut Marlborough, MA by Gennette
watching NHL network and what do you know? you get a tweet saying sven scored again!
So much for a birthday daytrip...
yup that is her! Pretty good for a young girl in Iran.
ours was all muffed up, internet went out and had to skype a coaching session at the bookstore! With the coffee machine noise!
So....if I don't hardly talk on the phone....why the hell do I pay for the unlimited minuted plan??
I do know!! No hater this way EVERYBODY knows this is a Scorpio's world!!!
There is a man audibly spittin' "What's Beef?" on the Amtrak. I almost joined in.
We have CHEAP tickets for our 1PM show at TRI-C PARMA! SHAMROCKFEST 3/17! Celebrate st pats with us!
good luck Mat, the superfan hope all works out!
Haha. Yeah... But you're not an ex. :P
Rain! Beautiful, cold, heat-breaking rain!
It's not hard to get bonds, if you do it in a systematic fashion and you actually engage people for more than ten minutes - Gale Kaufman
watching elf...theres a family of tomatoes...or no what asparagus..
just installed some great adler lighting in clients home, they look AMAZING!
when ppl cn realize this parent ish ain't no joke..
"Twitternoia": not revealing information in your tweets (like being out of town) to prevent bad people from targeting your home.
Now included in Reference Universe, by popular request: Grove Music Online and Grove Art from
#MauTo10k go follow him he's hot 😉
your welcome :D <3
I just started The Ivy this morning! More fun now that I am in Boston and actually run into Harvard students from time to time...
I hope we get to
Thanks for the retweet the other day!
yea don't forget him & I know were we can take the 4 wheelers if Ur dad will let us
Good point, but after 70 years, I think the witches finally figured out how to cope with such an important necessity as water.
hello hope you are well
problem with compostible cups - are they composted? Only a couple municipalities with organized urban composting
from a mahomiee to another will u please dm austin to ffollow mee it is my life long dream ide do anything for this please ♥
Oh. Awesome. A gift card. It's like money, but I can only spend it where you thought I'd like to.
Start on paper; create an effective campaign! -
Aslan is on the move. Believe it. His Kingdom is coming.
I enjoyed brother!!
:D what kind??
Throw it weh o_o RT : My phone fucking up, ever since it fell today. -__-
if it wasn't my bday i'd go to this! looks great can't wait to try it
I really like Girls, the television show.
Absolutely. :) RT : Pretty awesome pictures ! Congratulations ! Feel free to tell us once you update it again :)
Found a bag of caramel corn in the cabinet. My day just got infinitely better.
Congratulations. Fabulous vacation as weight loss plan.
its nicki follow me here your following me on TiggerBear02 xD
you're welcome! you're too good of a person to have things bothering u =)
I have ate an insane amount today. Totally agree!
It's hard to find anyone to trust
I agree, so we should refrain from retweeting that sort of rubbish :o)
sorry, I'm new to AA! Still learning your ins & outs...
Long live the CIAholes!
Whoa fb chat online by accident & I get 6 Hi's from random guys. That's why I always keep it turned off smh
The #NewYorkKnicks choked and I am so disappointed that I probably will not even watch the next game; we are awful in the fourth quarter.
shout out!!
#FaceOffFridays #TheDBSC #FTL 'ALL NIGHT!' Come party w/ the young wavy nigga$
The battle for who's more in the pocket of special interests continues between &
#thingsimiss reality. When was the last time I spent a whole day without checking out all the nonsense on this interweb thing?
Why would I want to download an mp3 file into an app that won't let me do anything else with it? This can't be right.
It was 37 different messages.
Also, the paint can opener they sell at home depot opens bottles, too. They know.
I don't know who this is but I'm doing it! RT : RT this if you think should do the half marathon!
I like buying shower curtains. Even if I can't decorate the entire house, I can switch up my bathroom. Easy to Please 😌
#hbrchat - How do we define "social responsibility"?
DONKEY KONG
RT : I'm cooler than the other side of the pillow at the moment
Time For A Nap, I Damn Near Dozed Off On Elicia <3
omg i had frosted flakes this morning too! they were delicious.
I'm wearing my fedora and overcoat right now!
Lol! You know what's up.
Part of the resistance to adopting #ehr is the practice's need to defend from lawsuits. Creates natural caution.
will pm you soon!
likewise.. You meeting #drunkcrowley tonight?
I'm here .
I feel like that's something for after the third date.
I'm glad they're doing that study. They need it
If uTlkn ta ppl who dgaf about ur relationship, uBest b single.
Not shocked it happened but it's horrifying when people freely admit prejudice without awareness that they should be ashamed.
Choose a Gold Peak Iced Tea over Diet Coke and you’ll be getting a more natural drink with less sodium (zero mg to be exact).
My Wreck This Journal is coming along wonderfully. (:
Watching Saw the final chapter:) not scary... Just bloody and stupid...
Is gracious to try out Google Wave. Thanks ! Perhaps a way to communicate with patients! Visit www.3cpdx.com lately? New look! =)
I don't know if you're playing with me or not, but I'm not about to fall for your tricks...
I'm watching a live performance of R5 and said Trish is pretty cool!!!!!!!!!!!!! xD
its happening to everyone I think. Must be on a rotational basis
you guys always have great surprises hiding in that basement.
Thanks so much! RT Loved reading your story on , ! Good luck with your kickstart.
Archer Season 2 on Netflix. Why yes, thank you…
Check out , a 5-part special series highlighting the special burden war places on women. Tuesday nights 10PM on PBS
I just want her to get out of "character" to accept the award. It kind of cheapened the presentation to Brittany too IMO.
listening tp Sweet Home Alabama on the radio. Heard this like 10 times in 24 hrs' AND saw movie of same name. What
Good afternoon, people! just got out of the shower. Feeling good and feeling fresh!!!!
I heard that it was patched, unfortunately
thank you for your kind words! Do you have a favorite food or movie that comes from #Israel?
Hi Wes! Check out this article.
Got em! Coming over!
My fav entrepreneurs
it seems to take a long time for we, as a nation, to be embarrassed. Some men still have cell phones clipped to their belt.
If we were comparing roads to diseases, I95 south would be the bubonic plague right now.
Thanks to all who came out to the opening! If you didn't make it, come out the after party at Cheer Up Charlies at 10pm!
what is your opinion?
i forgot like everything today -.-
she loves you too
think they should at least keep him until zucker et al make it. Unless they can get a stupid return of course
haha obviously lmao. Think of thick teeter dancing hahaha
The best & most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt w the heart. - Helen Keller
In dc!! #waaaitwhaat? This is really happening?
Back in Ann Arbor. And I'll actually be here for a few weeks. Lots to catch up on, both professionally & domestically.
next time try please press one for....f...two for....u.... they'll never call back
cant believe we got all the way to ohio and went to the wrong place lol ..
Conference play starts tonight! Rice vs. Marshall at Tudor at 7 PM.
What & when is SLC?
le sigh
If I say not to touch me that means don't touch me!
also i dont make out or anything ]
working on two different social tech marketing teams, teaching a workshop at Georgetown on Friday -- its busy and fun! thanks!
um what
Hehe, "enterprising", eh? Thanks for tweeting! I hadn't seen it.
I miss Jim! And you! We were all wondering WTF, which clearly didn't bode well.
no, i do not follow random people
ok I guess we will go see you!!
nigga we don't take ass kicking we give it out
BLESSINGS to Mr. Jobs wife&family. They shared his genius with the world &for that our lives are better & we are truly grateful.
So the question is: How do you want people to feel when they think of you? If you can answer that, the rest is gravy.
Special Easter menus offerings are up now for vendors! Check out some great new items!
So much for that meet...bye track catcha next year. Hello XC!
No matter how good you get you can always get better and that’s the exciting part. – Tiger Woods
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
u bad as yo
Mind you I just turned 19....
sounds like a great way to spend a birthday lunch! :)
good luck tomorrow. Thanks for leading the team through adversity. An admirable job by you and this team. Go get the Gators.
The altar/prayer is your inspection station. Anywhere else, you may void your warranty! The maker of your vehicle has authorized dealers.
Join us Tuesday: Exhibit reception for "Jewish Washington," an exploration of D.C.'s Jewish community, 6:30 p.m. at MLK....
.when we gonna kick it blood? >_>
Thanks for the RT!
ya sorry the feminist studies class.
Thanks for stopping by yesterday!
<---------- FOLLOW HIM! Awesome tweets. :) Wants to be a handsome billionaire? Lol. :) I won't judge, I never do. But, follow him.
hey! I haven't thought about it, casual dressy maybe? I am SO GLAD you are going, can't wait to see you!!!!!! Xoxox
in like two weeks!
Bicycle bicycle bicycle bicycle! Oh boy! Oh boy! Oh boy!
Choir concert tonight!!
I just got a full pat down at the City County building. Sadly, that's the most action I've gotten this year.
Dinner at aladdin's! :D
totally had fake eyelashes. And in true Lucille Ball fashion the cream pie I brought melted and dripped all over my friends car.
Oh you get alot of likes on your statuses ,tell me about how your so popular
How is Matt Kemp letting Beastmode off its leash this season? Dude lost in NL MVP voting to
I know! Thanks! Not a pug - but sometimes things are just meant to be. He's an island-born boy. Cavalier KC.
Thank you for the endorcement, I really appreciate it!
you didn't make the top ten because Finn and Rachel sucked face.
I had a dream about you... its not like it'll come true tho :(
designers are closer to engineers than to marketers. don't design for marketing purposes, design for functionality
I don't have a blog. re: my tweet, "supposed" is a proper, neutral term for something that may prove true...later.
Has to be my lawful devotion to Avenged Sevenfold
So I can't wait for tonight !:)
The #superbowl was so boring a top headline was Flavor Flav and Tom Coughlin hug after game... mother of god
just gonna sit back, relax with a tall glass of lemonade, and write this graduation speech.
Today 8 November is my 53rd Birthday & I'M GOING TO WALT DISNEY WORLD Magic Kingdom Park All Day
What an abso-smurfly gorgeous day here in Kansas City!
Are you reading "The Art of Racing in the Rain" for 's All #Henrico Reads? Author Garth Stein speaks in #RVA April 5.
Ok, enough #passiveaggressivetweets for now... Back to being positive (But, seriously!)
I have a feeling that drama is going to start in Peyton's street team again. 😒
I cannot wait for freshman year to be over.
I have 17 followers and I'm currently following 179 people...is that sad?
always liked Doug West from my days in St. Cloud.
ANHC Pro meet with a tax expert on Aug 29 to discuss salon, stylist, and barber tax issues. What tax questions or issues do you have?
I hope so, since I am a Dallas Fan..lol
AA's wife is convinced I should have stuck with american history/constitutional law & wants to speak to my mother (to agree with her)
Heading home from post-rowing XYZ outing, listening to Skinny Puppy on WJCU.
We'll be meeting this Sunday at Fountain of Life - on the corner of Beulah Church Rd and Delightful Way :-)
did my presence for a few days get you into twitter and foursquare ?
it is! Living the blessed life!
i wouldnt trade a dollar for a life, but i would do whats in my heart nd trade this dollar for a mic
Welp about to finish this paper up
i can't explain this shit at all.
Thanks. And that's what you get for listening to GOP naysayers!
Wow I can't believe you actually r taking the time to call some fans! So Awesome!! more celebs should be like you! <3 HNY
I'll be at TriBeCa Film Fest panel "The Future is Short." Look out for Passerby blogs on the ever-changing industry.
:O wheree?! what time?! i wanna meet you! <3
that's Rose's MO. He did the same at Memphis when they lost in the title game.
Hey Joe!
Up bored
No way!!!! Cool-Aid is way better!!
why should we chat ??
Good morning love bugs !
The man is over as Hell. It was only a matter of time.
have fun!:)
Who is going to the concert in Orlando?/
me too -_-
Steak wrapped in bacon...? Yumfuckingtastic...:/
It happens to all of us.
Nine black. If you get a chance to play.
Baron Davis just fucked his shit up!!!
Did I hear a "cool Flash site" mention?
When i 1st saw at diggy's concert thats when i fell in love with them & their music & now im a #DreamChaser for life. I LOVE YALL
That OklahomaCity Thunder. They're pretty good.
Bro, you're in the same building as me. Don't make me come beat the shit outcha..
Have you ever had mad cow disease?
5 women just lost their minds when Michael Ealy came on the screen with no shirt on. Making sounds and errthang. Even
no documentation left, un/fortunately. what kinds of shows did you want to direct?
Have I died and gone to hell? It is way to hot outside.
Congrats to MAM-GIOCAs Patrick, Laura, , Peggy and Pat on their successful thesis defense and graduation today!
Why "pandemic" with only 1 non-Mex H1N1 death? Not counting spaces in morgues; counting beds in hospitals. If they're wrong, no whining.
It's been a great week at Jaunted...we're trying to reach 2,000 fans on facebook this week. Please share and like our page!
curse the Giants just like you have cursed the Suns please
Today is my Uncle Percy's 96th birthday.
some directioners are so mean! theyre complaining about how young ppl can love 1D without understanding their jokes and stuff
Got a case of the Wednesdays? Then maybe our lunch comfort food buffet will...comfort you. Featuring London Broil & Baked Ham. Just $8.95!
for their liquor license, which entitles them to stay open until 2am. Town is trying to collect extra on top of that.
my mom is a twihard though... -_- And yeah NY is amazing :D I ran into Tyler brunsman on my way home from school!
follow me back please
Well, #18 actually, but who's counting really?
Truly, astounding!
not tonight I might be down to go hookah tonight but I've hella shit to do plus dinner with the family! Tomorrow yay
I OFFICIALLY love the song Rocketeer (:
Great Way To End School!!!
hey sean your right! english teacher swag right there
I am me, therefore I tweeted you.
Left a message yesterday and still haven't heard back yet.
you gotta go on a diet too boo
The whole hodgson England Gaffer and nick barmby being suspended has completely been off my mind today.
All I wanna do is lay down on my bed and take a nap [:
Stephen Anderson to meet with Austin officials: "At a later date"
just kidding me wuv you
Today is beautiful! How is everyone today?
Taylor swift is making songs about my life, i'm pretty sure.
#TwSIG Hashtag overload is not good twittering. Every word cannot be a tagged word: must read and not "choppy" . have to understand it!
haha! Well I'm glad at least someone got to enjoy the brownies! Major #fail leaving those at your office!
Why did you get suspended from your fan account?x
Don't underestimate how liberating a full day of work can be.
u knw what seeing this making me laugh and people officially think that I am crazy ;)
one day imma make a impact on somebody's life. lmaooo
a good business venture/relationship is when both parties feel they have gained something positive from the relationship.
Movies and writing.rhymes till i crash
How there are people in the world that hate tomatoes, I will never understand.
Your perfect.<3
My 1st #NBA game? It might have to be a courtside event. Love
I love you ! Great show!
Only dykes have tongue piercings
Gonna check out Hot Wing Pizza, Tater Tot Slop, and some Improv Comedy at 's Thanksaversary Tonight. 1909 Locust 8pm.
I follow big Twitter accounts on that. :D
My number is: 1-800-get-away
I love you guys. Thanks
“: God loves the Pacers 🏀🙏” haha!
RT : Prayers go out to and Gregory.
Up early hoping to go see avengers this morning!
All kinds of early baseball to kick off Sunday Funday. Bloodies and mimosas!
Man, this sounds sad. RT : Ballgame over. Yankees lose.
Officially done with 3/6 classes. I'll be a college grad in under 36 hours! Now for 5.5 hours of sleep before I have to start tmrws hell day
All packed up ..Now were just waiting til the day we move into our house
it's the media perpetuating it. They're using stats yet, superbowls place qbs in that category.
I can see that one clearly...good stuff.
happy humbug day
Most of the 50% who pay no fed taxes have such a low income that it cannot be taxed. They are not deadbeats Libertarian POS
Taylor Swift will be in the rainy city in four days !
I'm as horny as a squid on a Tuesday.
Broncos' CB and former Saints player, Tracey Porter, wasn't listed in today's suspensions. Great news for both Porter and Denver.
I reek of Cheetos, weed, Betsey Johnson and shame. In other words, I smell exactly like Britney Spears' purse.
you better <333
and we're down. i forgot its already the 18th on the east side...
Don't start checking big stomach!
Oh Thank you. I am not sure about season 2. But we will always have Brighton Beach . S prazdnikami vas tozhe.
good!! I'm looking forward to that long update soon! You got my Barca rec?
Yeah, you are smelly, goodnight boo, sleep tight see you tomorrow at 9:45 x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥
Dora and Stewie must be cousins, just look at their heads! Lmao
Heading with & fam to the last showing of at the 10:15 AM. Come see & spread the word!
How do I always manage to end up next to the loud gum chewer
my computer and it tells me later the dog could not be synced because it does not exist loool. Pisses me off.
I already think I know who's gonna die I think its gonna be derek and the alpha!
My opinions might have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
#yanks still had a better 1st than #brewers did last night.
$240k a year!? Really?
#AADLA thanks! So nice of to invite us to do a table!
Last quote via :
If you love me love me unconditional (Future Voice)
Today should be an interesting day . Hello restless Wednesday.
I wish I had friends to long board and do things with to bad everyone hates me. Forever alone
I Know Right!!!! you need to do a song with It would be amazing please.. Cody
yes its the U2 song the show is named after
Lambeau for New Years? Consider it done.
Nothing like working on a #Saturday no one in the office #got to love it
Well, that's just fine, Ryan. If you hate joy and creativity, it's no pin off my board!
back to the Pack? That would be awesome!
11 run *inning* for the Rockies vs the NY Mets! Cargo gets 5 RBIs, club record! Lets go, Cargo!
can the "feedback tab" be used for other things, i.e. "Help"?
Each of our clients increases traffic and revenue! AND, we likely passed you in Organic Search results ! - P.O.W -
Potnas change, kno that I wont!
Coming soon... www.oldsKooltees.com ... your new favorite tee's on the web
My cat is a girl, and he's pregnant...? ._.
Have you tried our new Chocolate Peanut Butter toffee? So #yummy!
I ain't positive, I'm definite
OMG Pete doesn't come to the reunion ... that's it!
I think I'm addicted to #vitamin gummies.. Can someone please tell me if this is an issue or not?
I'm dying of heat stroke in here
Just got my shirt from the mail!!!! It's so fucking awesome!!
selling sodas by the gallon and not providing public bathrooms is a crime.
Who else uses their phone as a form of entertainment while sitting on the toilet?
#Blogathonatx is so ready “: The cake has left the building! Hey are ya ready?!? :)”
RT : Defensive #leaders eventually forfeit their influence and trust. Don't self-justify!
boring...home w a virus and no sister ...it's a long story. Toast and coffee now.
Return to sender!
If this hotel really wanted me to feel at home, they would supply the room with a complimentary cat to stare at me while I pee.
mane i remember when u wudnt feelin twitter...now u done flew past me in tweets
U UP LATE!
Physical therapy day....
Rachel nailed it!
Come out to support BASE Camp 's Dockside in Apopka for spirit night!
is watching the Spurs game!
...makes fewer places seem lonely. I'm learning how to retain who I am despite changing surroundings, and to grow.
I heart YOU for Intelligent analysis of politics!! Awesome! Keep doin your thang my sista! Peace!!! Great commentary on maddow..
i need to take a nap ! lemme put my hair up 
juwan howard has checked into the game. im one of 20 fans left in the building with 6 mins left. omg eddy curry gotta go
Jimmy Johns just delivered my sub in 6 minutes.
campus is rainy and mostly deserted
I want to give a big welcome to for joining twitter!
Everyone follow>> <<< NOW!! Hes an awesome singer :D And belieber !! RT!!
These chocolates contain milk solids and the most eaten chocolates in the world
Big shot after big shot everytime! You tell 'em Mike Breen
haha I was a little earlier
at normal universities, lots of students wear the school sweatshirt...but at hunter only the continuing education students do
atleast i didnt drop my phone all the way down the TKE cement steps tonight.....
not long enough to make a call nd have a convo ... I'm bout to leave imma call u
I'm actually looking forward to Miss Piggy's! I love lashes!
and I could've used the money to go to my favorite store lol
Definitely good. Anything not in JRS is a good thing!
So your truck is smashed up....why?
Sounds good, I will call to help write it today with you
I'd forgotten what a relentlessly optimistic record Mary-Chapin's "The Calling" is - great rainy day stuff!
its in Missouri.. And IM SOOOWWWIE! :o
Seeing a spider isn't a problem. A problem is when the spider disappears
Very impressed by all the recent work that has been doing. Especially with the new #autism institute & related research.
Can't wait for summer so much things I'm going to do like watch tv, eat, and sleep
don't be jealous lol
Taking coffee from the bank that I am about to get out of.
The brownies in my fudge sundae were strategically place at the bottom of the bowl.
Ah yes. God.
i love garden state
Nice beatz. Thanks for following. cb
I have't worn socks in months, but maybe I can dig up a pair just for you!
#Rain Rain go away, but it's almost weekend so whatev. Keep up with , and , the hunt goes on.
morning twitter peeps!
like can we please be friends this summer?!
las vegas :)
Join us today @ Balboa Park 2 celebrate Earth Day & register voters for the upcoming election! Email if u can help.
YOS & DYC use different methods to calculate their recidivism rates - so comparing their rates is comparing apples to oranges
I agree! Boehner is a slimy snake who lies to ruin our Country! It's exhausting to even watch those fools! Nothing positive, ever!
what are you up to ?
miss you too friend ! Let's hangout next week ?
Turned down an actor for rep. His name was Ryan. No papers to work here in the states. Now he is on a little show called True Blood. Whoops
#MOBConf attendees stop by my table for a 5% discount on any service I provide for you before 12/31/10
“: Listening to #Detroit history on tour with :hive and Jeanette Pierce. Love #Detroit!”
On this day let it be none that I did not smoke weed. Hahaha
Ladies Night! $5 Entry for ALL LADIES!
Ugh, Brennan and Carr's is the best. And have you ever been to Buckley's?
Someone tell me why feeding students before a test and telling that morning nutrition will help them do better is bad? Not placebo, true.
Q3: We are hosting a Poetry Contest and a Multimedia Center Petting Zoo.
My child’s bowels are triggered by the phrase, “Get in the car. It’s time to leave.”
This is exactly why Lebron will never be in the same class as Jordan or Kobe. Clutch wins championships
EARTH DAY
#BestThingYouNeverHeardof rewinding, freezing and fast forwarding time.
Hangover city bitch, hang-over city bitch
goodnight everyone
im mad that i didnt have anyone to take me!! i had the money to buy my ticket but no one to take me
Ramos with MessiLike feet... Ha.
Being followed by a strange man in a Camry is not the ideal Wednesday night
hey RA guy. I'm in bed with hurting bad with complications from RA.((((soft internet hugs)))))
Thirsty for blood
ASHP posts new podcasts: Civil War Photography and History, a public panel on the Civil War @ 150 , bit.ly/nbSKNj
If you guys wanna support a good cause you should check out http//:www.silentchildren.org
RIP katie bisson
Next up, 832, New Roles and Careers in Learning. Should be a good panel discussion.
Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a tear.
searching for a Director Level Quality Assurance for two positions in California. #Dairy #Food #Manufacturing #Hiring #Jobs contact me fo…
Great feeling to cut your inbox in half.
Ruined won best outstanding resident play and Virginia Woolf won best non-res production!
I'm waiting for the sun to shine. :-)
I just want to tell you that you have such beautiful hair.
why is my inklink name piggypower.....
What experience you have, where you want to go, how grad school fits in, and what xyz Univ can do for you.
Have food of some sort on my jeans...weird...
It was WELL worth the wait my friend just to see you at the end !!! Thanks for coming out to #UCFArena!!
You coming to DC?
I think that's it for the race.
Ight Uk.....Lville is now on!!
I choose to pick it up (PO is close by) but... I just got mine today and there were only three items. Wondering if some got lost.
RT : It actually makes me happy that C.C. Sabathia has no idea how to intentionally walk someone. Sad that he did anyway, though.
#dh2010 Wondering how many librarians are here.
A Great Movie and should have won best picture was Salon Fishing in the Yemen. Great Love Story with light messages about Life,
Thanks so much for the RT, Kaya! I appreciate it (and YOU!)
The heat killed me just standing out there i feel bad for the people that had track today
You tube has been stuck on 301 since 1:45ish....nust of been overwelmed with views it couldn't count them all...and has caught up yet...lol
thank you!
Exciting work! on the Pearson/Columbia Univ. design partnership
wat it do bro!
Oracle ships Java SDKs for Mac
booth and all the accoutrements ate awesomely beautiful! Will send more pics tomorrow.
what did you think of them?
Baby you light up my world like nobody else!
Thanks for RT'ing the meme story. Do you have a favorite?
This : Here's where we'll have to agree to disagree: I don't call a ball getting chopped out of a guy's hands by a DB a "drop."
Danger Snack Does....Chicago!!! Tonight! Help us get to the Chicago Improv Fest. 1030pm Loft Roger Waters, Van Halen and bake sale!
Greatest sequel ever made-Godfather Part II
my favorite avenger is the Iron Man.
do you know what part of florida!?
"Let Me In" and "Red" were two recent favs. Looking fwd to seeing the end of Dexter S4 (although it's already spoiled) :(
havent lost ur wit to pregnancy. U crack me up. That girl is gonna have a run for her $ as a teen cc
This is the "alarm bell." I foresee Japan saving itself sooner with concern/action, public policy, perhaps immigration--not tech.
If you reduce a Congressman of Representive to their simplist terms all they are is a fingre to push yeah or nea according to the majority..
very funny!
that's cheaper than the kevin hart show
thanks Erin :)) what do you think? am i crazy?
Why r guys so confusing?!? :o
A nice win! On to Canton...
Class 1 for individuals, intended for email
So, how come no one told me about portlandia?
Done w/ math don gota worry bout it!
So happy for you, , and for Emory!
Sick to my stomach...this would happen on my half day. Ugh...
you FULLY made out with me last night!
where might i find your books?
#NFL #Fantasy Keeper league experts. #Stafford; #Schaub, #Ryan. Who ya got?
YOU SPELLED HIS NAME WRONG. YOU HAVE DISRESPECTED THE BASE GOD. GET ON YO KNEES ~
When Harry thrusts during Up All Night while he sings "People Going All The Way, All The Way" >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
o my gosh really!
So proud to be a Coyote fan!
What's POPPIN tonite shit just watching movies and talking sum shit I love haters they keep me motivated n focus on the big picture
is it me or does P2 sound like he's singing the same song
Will Ferrell hosting SNL solves rating problems. Anyone who doesn't find this funny has no sense of humor. Best host this year.
He really wants her to have his name and she suggested. Def solidly defended my point. would have been good to have as backup
popcorn for breakfast ! haha
wish I had some bears or vikings fans following.....easy targets...am I a bully.?
...in theory :) I was doing well, then life got a bit crazy; I'll get back into it in a few weeks
I got money on the pacer game
If shes amazing, she wont be easy. If shes easy, she wont be amazing. If shes worth it, you wont give up. If you give up, you're not worthy.
Packing for Cerritos. Then on to The Hills of Beverly on Sunday.
My mom is singing about how she got drunk earlier x)
#shutup huffpo, Jose will shop for home in Wolverhampton for a true test of his prowess.
do i even want to know what that is?
was so good!
yw. I love u little bit
I did! Great review. Glad you liked it
spends months reporting. Then organizing. Then writing. Then a complete draft. "THEN the work starts."
Busy weekend ahead of me!
never a problem! Glad I could help! EROCK
was it deleted mine got deleted as well
I put mirrors all around when someone caught people kissing last year... Really? Yuk! We moved shelves too
But there's no sense in promoting a project that your readers can't purchase yet!
Thanks to & for the follows, enjoy your day.
Who's up for a road trip to Chicago? :) MT : Fried Chicken & Bottomless Bubbly goes all night! Who's in?
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship
We were not meant to do life alone. A relationship with Jesus gives you MORE than you ever imagined!
Happy Friday!!!
Choose life no matter what your age, choose choice no matter what your position in life, choose happiness no matter where it may take you.
Dear Repubs, don't pay $50 to take a picture with Newt Gingrich. You can take pictures with the Hamburgler at McDonald's for free.
box office open now! call n to get tixs to see 916-925-5500 is the # RT
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb? He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
Niggas try to holla she'll will point it out...She will catch a flight she will run a route
I am working on it. Heard V is coming this wknd.
I am thankful to work with such talented and tenacious colleagues at That is all.
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. - Bill Cosby
Cookie monster to veggie monster to antioxidant monster. its inevitable.
I'm not a lady I'm a guy. I'm following you cause said to follow you!!!
Finally home from work. Turn on speed and there is the beautiful Krista Voda. My day has been made
Hows the pad level? RT : Can't sleep. Doing some self-scouting.
You seemed to handle that way more calmly than I did.
.Ami :B #MiamiInk ❥
7 screws and a plate? girl, your shoulder's on lock.
It feels good doesn't it? RT : It's "Unsubscribe Monday" - when I unsubscribe from all that spammy email cluttering my inbox.
Oh yeah switche at birth yeah!!
Whoa! Weird - my web version of Twitter is back to its old self, no activity tab. I guess I can't stalk y'all tonight.
In the Sacramento area? Check out www.sacvalleyheat.com!!
So does anyone out there know whats up with the road to evo Championships? Details? Where can I register? Was it cancelled?
Your amazing sweetie!
thanks for following :)
Sorry iv'e been away from twitter for a couple of days! Happy easter to you too! :D
Thanks so much! I'll call right after The Pitch... I'm sure Tony would want you to watch! Have a great night!
Just came across an amazing singer,
Okay, that is definitely gonna be my screen saver...lord have mercy on where my mind is going!
Journos of the interwebs: should I put my twitter handle on my resume? Waste of space? cc
Does the tech in your home know what he's doing? We are an #ACCA member and our technicians are NATE tested. Watch video...
then don't put her on mobile notifications?
Thanks for the RT. Not taking in enough shows to blog about? It's been a while for me...
Watchmaker, teach me the ways. I want to learn the secrets and the sciences of seconds, The methods to dull my ears to the sound.
I love twitter because unlike facebook you can tweet as much as you want and nobody will get mad at you.
I want a guy with a heart that's all mine
Girl Talk - "Oh No" from the Album All Day
im going to watch the BET awards tonight
I'm sure I will. I'm 91 pages into a 518 page book, but I am reading as fast as I can (5 kids & all) but I'm SO excited! -cont.
?Energy (positive/negative) is contagious: You either affect people or you infect them
Reading an Indian agent's speculation that the Comanches might be of "Welsh extraction."
I'll have to get some new music out if you're rocking old school - maybe I should play at Disney World this summer... Hmm...
Bad choice to sleep on the futon last night..
But I miss my bestfriend already :(((
and we have cool kids too! #bonus! What's with the #hashtag hashtag?
#Communication is the activity of conveying information, has been derived from the Latin word "communis", meaning to share
I also am slightly obsessed with W&G but this is like weirdly the same. I feel like it's a knockoff. By the same creators.
Thanks to for the follow!!! Text messaging is a great way to add to your customer database while at the fair! Ask us how!
Initial verdict: it works! Edits, exports, fullscreen. Haven't tested everything but tried most frequent functions.
We're thinking about hosting "The First Annual Fort Washington Crab Feast" live music...family...friends...in July? Tell me your thoughts?
Glad you think so :) And thanks for the tweet!
you hung up on me.
#IMAGINE tweeting you saying " I LOVE YOU<333"
They've never drove through Indiana, Met the men who plowed that earth..
Hi Amanda. Do you have a favorite book made into a movie?
Hush. Grown people talkin
What's with the weirdo masked caped dudes?
you have good looks but your personality is revolting.
get well soon!
k followed (:
You know, if ya got it, ya got.
cant call it mami networking an my grind
That espresso roast was like velvet.
!!!!!!!! Channing Tatum live chat in 25 minutes!! ah!
Study: Pollution trading could trim bay cleanup costs
No plans yet. Stay tuned...
Being attacked by wonka trucks, and barbie dolls by Allie is not the funnest way to get outta bed. HateLies<3Trust
One of our owners, , is headed to the 'Paign tomorrow to try out for Can't wait for hilarious stories!
How in The blue hell did that puck not go in?
It's back to the old one again. That is strange.
Came up with some good #contemporary #artistic ideas yesterday. Feeling good about the new possibilities. Now it's time to execute.
great! We have no plans so will pencil that in as a possibility!
We are picking our pre-booking winner the 30th, last chance to book your next summer appointment to be entered to win the products basket!
I'm maybe starting to get excited for you.... :)
To find ourselves we must first lose ourselves
I'm addicted to keureg coffee
Let's go swish!
oh and on a final note. If you do hear anyone interested, please pass my info along. I have plenty of examples to show. Thanks
- People Under the Stairs is on twitter. Thes and Double mostly stay off fb/twitter though, so follow
I need some followers ma
Im tired I only got 4 hours of sleep lastnight
2nd gig in Paris was murder. Joint packed & we played superbly, then on to a jam w/Margitza. So good 2 C & play w/him again. Last gig 2nite.
oops, obviously it's going to be a spelling error morning, lol
To the dealer...Every deal everyday is important, so there’s no need to wait
I conquered India, Africa, Canada, Australia, invaded Russia, Prussia and founded the first colony. Legit.
heading over now or in a bit?
NEED PROMO? EMAIL BLAST? ON A BUDGET? EMAIL ME @ FOR THE PROMOTIONAL SERVICES
:) RT : thanks again for such amazing service and amazing food..keep up the amazing work
The vision that you glorify in your mind, the ideal that you enthrone in your heart-this you will build your life by & this you will become.
I am happy to announce that FIFI is home safe:)
RT : I want to make #ThinkLikeAMan a trendind topic.........Help me twitches
Nite Owl specials - tonight after 10 pm. Stop by after the show, or movie, or whatever wonderful Saturday night plans you have!
Are you in heaven? RT : Every food event should have BBQ, fried chicken, spirits, and a #bourbon aisle.
STOP BULLSHITTING WITH UR SELF TAKE UR MUSIC TO UR LOCAL RADIO STATION
Happy** ugh.
Mama told me not to come She said, "That ain't the way to have fun, son"-Three Dog Night, Mama Told Me (Not To Come)
Left my water bottle at work. Fuckfuckfuck.
good thing plenty of people disagree, or id be out of work :)
Finally done :)
hahahaha just kidding man!
from the estimators and never give it back. I told them I'm going to start. I can be the biggest bitch in the world.
A cuddle house simulates the close proximity of the areas between the rocks of a cliff.He feels secure in it,Happy Bird:)
nice?? Hm ... Must be some sort of Santa reference ...
Good Morning (: have a great day!
MusicNOW tonight. 7pm. Mouse on Mars. And a score to Un Chien Andalou: slicing up eyeballs, I want you to know.
Hi {{{}}} Nice font design in your tweet! :) Yes, Love/Hate social networking indeed!!
agree. I bet if this experiment was reproduced the results would be no different. Some stories are timeless.
Is Kyle Orton active?
Dammnit..hooked to another spanish novela (or two)
My chariot awaits....monday funday in a hyundai
RT : Thanks, Jed Horne, consultant for Obama's Oil Spill Commission for speaking with students visiting from
I just wanna be like say it to me..your little subtweets are unnecessary..ugh so annoyed
best of luck!
!!! Caught up in the magic of swordplay, didn't notice a bus was there? My worst nightmare.
hey my wife is really wanting to play more soccer with some girls (school done soon). Naturally, you came to mind
#RedState is one of the most awesomely unpredictable films I have seen in years. Thank you :-)
Why did Kurt Cobain have to die?
I can't stand people who think they know everything sit your ignorant ass down somewhere... ugh
RT : 2nd Louis CK show added to TBS Just For Laughs festival.
just wait for that guitar squeal..
Who can you trust?
Co-wrote a song I'm excited about and my first two meetings w/publishers are tomorrow!
I know I'm late on this but...Lowe and Whitford back in TV government again??? I've died and gone to heaven.
A4: speak up about your accomplishments to others this is how you change perception.
#HappyBirthday to Judith Jamison of #AlvinAiley American Dance Theater (& NJPAC board member).
Yes, looks like the price is now around $200 for the Samsung Galaxy S II.
nice display picture! :) it so awesome!!!
Hey Tweeters! I wish U all a Wonderful Day!
Hey Jacky! Thank you so Much for Supporting !!! Lots of Love to you!!
i folowed you plz follow back i only watch #Victorious to see u your cool plz follow back & ur voice is a special gift :)
First night off in a while. Decided to do it right ... BED!!!!!!
It's my child, with my babyfather -- why do I feel like I have to please my family with my decisions with 'em?
actually, i feel really bad atm. i feel like i have this really strong obsession with 1D and i haven't even listened to atl in the last days
Letters on OpEd gave impression PR listeners not too keen on using their own money to support PR.
I'm boutttta be up al night if thiss convo keeps going (; <3
I will try to fit the word churlish into the show tomorrow
today I learn: there is no wifi in North Korea so I can't live there for that reason alone...
I know! I can't believe that I actually enjoy working out in the morning too!
whose taxes has Obama raised? Taxes are already at historic lows, get real
Like blacklight?yeaRT : Is it possible to get a tat in UV?
we love your profile pic!!
I think the hockey gods punished me for shaving my playoff bread before the season was over. I hold full responsibility Philly & apologize.
Man...my first crew was called the Funky Monkeys. The Beasties inspired my generation so much...Brrrraaaasssss Monkey
thank u same to u
Yup. First time with the clips, though. And boy do I have the bruises to prove it. It's like starting from scratch!
We will be there! You?
2 exams tomorrow. Studying all night. Wish I was at The Fray concert... Wait what??
I love when mitch teaches me new things. like that ohio is shaped like a square
Most of us are trying very hard to FORGET the 8 miserable bush years but it's going to take a LONG time to do so!!
You always know exactly what to say. #loveit 😍
Chemicals In Personal Care Products Can Cause Genital Malformation — Expert
Who thinks I should try out for America's got talent??
Is this a bad sign to Romney's general election chances that he cannot place in the reddest of states?
i had it last period
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference.
Check out ! we have a #UI #Designer req opening. Our first designer at a Greylock funded startup
Happy Birthday to all those celebrating a B-day in March!
The Social Network is 95% inaccurate - on the movie's resemblance to the true story of #Facebook & Mark Zuckerberg
You are my favorite tweeter. Keep it real Snape.
more walking than I wanted to but legs tired. I just finished a 3.31 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
lol hell yeah batroom mirrors are always a trip while tripping!! #trippymane i love how blunt smoke look 2!!
He7:16 ...has become a priest, not on the basis of a legal requirement concerning bodily descent, but by the power of an indestructible life
Killer Total Body Transformation workout this morning. Tough but TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!
I've only been away from this code for 2 days, but already I can't remember what the heck I was doing.
The Pursuit of Happyness In My Pants
Thank god for the distraction of the golden globes. At least I don't have to think about the packers loss.
The highest price ever paid for a sushi grade Bluefin Tuna was $396,000 for a 754 pound fish ($526/lb) on January 4th, 2011 at Tsukiji
Hope I didn't forget any mothers.
I hate when people tell me I'm too old for cartoon. No ones too old for cartoons.
Search KARISSA LYNN on Youtube to see my cover of Closer by Kings of Leon!!!
predictions for this weekend? Spurs for Champions League? United for the title?
Thank yall for coming out. God bless you. Goodnight.
I need to meet ...like this weekend, after the game.
#coldplayonidol is killing it!! Reliving the concert they did last week!!!
I figured out the reason my rotator cuff hurts, and his name is Asher.
. thanks Lankes "even if his statements were only ironic or nominal"
I Get Up In The Morning To The Beat Of A Drum!
Stars definitely aligned! Never a dull moment xo
Awesome Tweet!!
Save the date! Free Comedy! 3/5 8pm Catch & moi + more at HOME restaurant in Silverlake.
follow back
BB #live real
I do too...except for the part where I don't want it to end.
7% left of battery juice.....
k let me know
Try and do something today that you are good at. Even it's just #WWF. It will improve your mood.
S/o to and Amber (I can't find her twitter) for the amazing support they give me in my career
I do now. Awesome.
don't flatter yourself
Ppt karaoke is hilarious
Are you fucking kidding me about that record player?!?!
here in TN for business. Great weather, great people and a focus on education.
didn't see that coming, we just got home and hadn't turned it on yet.
Its so hard to trust guys now :'/
Something about motherhood makes them attracted to me. I tried talking to one girl, then she got pregnant, & liked me AFTER the baby O_o
U know what I'm sensing SUPER strong #MinDra lately:)
Can I get a white chocolate mocha with extra whip cream? Yumm!
I wish I had a portable version of whatever it is the doctor's office uses to make you terribly early, regardless of actual arrival time
Dude I fucking hate everyone hahaha. Today is not my day.
#ThingsIGetAlot Your hair is so pretty
So true!. ": It's hard trying not to let your trust issues interfere with good people."
Going out tonight on zero hours of sleep. I am officially insane.
this is how much I love you..... 9746283636194629462738472539386491057296825725820572082629506928474959683736728400387 :) <3 u
My girlfriend is absolutely obsessed with Starkid. It is RIDICULOUS!
Feeling good today, got new contacts, gotta try em out
Off to photograph Garden of The Gods in Colorado Springs. Looking forward to it!
Wishing all moms a very Happy Mother's Day!
Last day of March already?
New friends r waiting to meet you at www.knowledgesafari.com #specialneeds #autism #gaucher's #downsyndrome See you there!
is everywhere! We love seeing her and her amazing work! Keep going 110% girl!!!
Great debrief meeting w. producers & Lowel. Missed you Could not have asked for a better group!
...so the issue of serious nonfiction is also a trad. publishing one...
EveryDay,I had Surprise.{}
#Scion puts 4 seats into a tiny car and calls it iQ. Do you really want folks with such a small IQ on a highway?
how is it? I'm a fig fan of the Ass Clown Coffee so far
Shit.. fuckin spurs running circles on these dudes. Cmon now
Make #huggle TREND
Congrats dude:)
He tells me he can make a lot of money off me hahahah
You don't know how much of an impact it can make on someone even if you just smile at them.
ONE DIRECTION
that's so pimp. :)
Heading to The Shack, make yer way there and I'm buying!!
stop thnkn bout em I had to so u got 2
shit was tryna see if mf's was tryna get a session
Merry Christmas...ONE WISH is playing in my household..hugs to all!!
Gotta love the Five Guys. Great peanut oil-infused french fries
Android and iOS apps now published. But keeping all mum. Ah, enterprise politics.
How many passengers can you cart around safely?
Yep. That was at the Vet. The drunk said "F*ck LT!" and then threw a beer at my #56. What could I do. I was 15!
Go for me!
does miap have an appraisal course? I'm hoping to see a syllabus...
I love money two ever went I have enough so was good like the guy from How high said (I need money) lol thx for following
Sometimes, Facebook updates are like a sad, sad country song.
gave that flea bag some medicine, dogs love flea medicine
we are currently uploading our first student video. Directed by Lee Rosch it examines the Eagle Rock Farmers Market.
": Music options tonight.....Coldplay, Van Halen and Going to " tough but good choice!
you got a release date for the album yet? pumped to hear it brother!
"When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps."
i lovee twitter :)
yeah it's whatever at this point
LMFAO she just started freaking out cause she realized goodbye friday is gonna be here
$50 for a slightly used Alpinestars padded jacket that matches my bike when retail is about $200? I think I got a pretty good deal :)
Unsolicited Advice: Avoid any man who uses the word "preggers".
going to The Roxy this eve...anyone else?!
a punter questions a qb maturity .... pre season game rivalry talk
holler at that one. ACCEPT UR FUCKING GORGEOUS.
Yesterday we made 8 or so batches of lip balm. Need to make 3 more batches of *NEW* flavors today. Stay tuned for the flavor announcements!
waching Scott Pilgrim VS the World with Tina.this movie is oustandingly random.
RT : "Statistics are no substitute for judgment" Henry Clay
So much to do and morning came this afternoon ;-)
who's calling me "men." Seriously.
LOL! Who am I kidding? I was mostly reading books in high school.
thanks for the mention!!
disappointingly, no.
glad you got there safely! can't wait to hear all about it!
That's cool.
. I guess we are not building the pyramids. #software is incremental
“ what u talking about
Dallas wins ! Dirk Nowitzki !
The art of Enagement = actions, reactions, transactions - Brian Solis
Thanks for the R.T., Kenn
Heading to my first critique group ... nothing like putting your blood & sweat on the table for all to read!
Oh what glorious fall weather in #ABQ today! Here's hoping the first week of October is filled with the same!
Blazers need a bit more toughness... A little sissy like right now. get a body on some one... Damn
Thank you for motivating me to open my Twitter Account. Let's start with a good morning twit!
Love my friends...now onto bball bright and early!
Jarrod Polson and Kyle Wiltjer have the best rap about UK winning ever!
Got super excited bc i thought RT a tweet of mine then realized it was just some other fan I was so happy+now so depressed
your mom
One half down, one to go!
I know! I feel bad about missing my brothers game and my cousins graduation. Lol what are y'all doing in the other room?
Eddie Murphey shit Yeah we Trade Places Rehearse lines to them and then we fuck faces
Had a fun night playing basketball and nerf wars with the niece and nephew
she only 2 and she try to sing the A.N.T FARM theme song
Getting ready to be the "Tequila Man" at a big Cinco de Mayo party! Gonna be a fun night!
#i312m5 Do you think there could be consequences to the government(s) regulating software?
Thanks for the RTs! Hope you're enjoying today's beautiful weather.
Great one!
I never get hang overs.
ew my lips are so chapped -.-
A guy just picked up used pants on our doorstep at work. Hilarious conversations ensue. Oh, no, I guess he left them.
awww thanx Dame thou you super late on this one lol
LET GOT PATS ! COME ON TOMMY !!
Happy New Years Weekend Everybody - I'll be tweeting next, next year.
I agree. Now following you.
whoa #stars, i forgot they existed
Katy "Buzz Lightyear" Perry- "Is she preg?" -
Been listening to In Flames with the husband tonight!
Megan Styles(: or Megan Payne(:
Flook, that is
alot of those pics on facebook...good thing i'm private
It sounds like someone's vacuuming in here.
Klout's on krack, yo. They now say I'm influential about being Jewish.
I'm alive. Hard to find time to tweet amidst so much awesome.
Most of are blatant ripoffs. Apparently the most common design trend of 2011 was plagarism
“: Taurus - gets what they want, when they want it. #RTIfs”
I will my friend
Eating at Mcdonalds then a worker sprays windex on my surrounding tables
I missed this weather.
Just Kidding
Durant killing them
Hidden among trash and brush and blocks and tires—left to rot on a South Valley dumping ground—a body. Unidentified. Near I-25, in a field.
I'm stoked to announce this Saturday I’ll be relocating to the Mission Aveda on 66th street in St. Petersburg! :D
what up bro?
I'd love to see any materials from this presentation if he has them online.
Yes, yes we should.<3 (:
sorry that was mean for oh never mind lmao.
nobody asked me to go thts ok though
that's the spirit! he did say "just keep tweeting me, im always on there, and I'll eventually see you" (;
Damn sixers need more.heart than that!
haha yeah the park & stuff? haha
Don't mistaken friendly for flirting....That's how u get ya feelings hurt!
good luck tomorrow! I'll be watching and screaming and trying to look professional out West at a PDX KU bar:) #ROCKCHALK!
new keys setup for warped tour, gunna be sick!
Sometimes all you need is a second chance, because time wasn't ready for the first one. Yeah' thats true .. ˚ت°
that sounds a lot more exciting than our battle against construction and one-ways through campus!
Still looking
What's your #FavoriteLyricOfAllTime ?
Tonight's OutPast30 activity? Going to "Skin Party" at Underground ATL. Should be interesting.
Unfollow this page got hacked follow my new one
Thanks! And glad you're enjoying. There's more where that came from. :)
Yeah, what's the story. My wife got an email about it, but thin on details. I fear Ohio Regents takeover
yes, that would be amazing.
IKR!!! I've seen tour buses all over and everybody is just giving off the most electric vibe
Audition # 2 with Chris G. at Radiant Studios!
dinner ideas???
So glad you were able to join us live and you "found" us! Totally God! Love when that happens.
Sorry to my haters sorry that you couldn't phase me
Two Virginia colleges made the list, I was glad to see.
yes. I do. I found him on facebook and he turned down my friend request. I was not happy lol!
#DetroitPartyMarchingBand showed up at my friend's apartment for his birthday party last night. So much noise & crowded groovin'
unconditional love is the best thing in the world :)
“If you meet the Buddha, kill him.” ~Linji
despicable visions... foggy ya glasses...
What can't there be a GREAT brunch place called: The Gym.... so I could say; "I've just spent 2 hours at The Gym!" #MarryBacon !
I needa start looking for someone to dread this hair though...
Having an unhealthy relationship with my new phone.
(On the upside, my cv is on the first page of Google results for a certain prescription men's hair medication.)
Big shout out to follower 1,000 (again!) Welcome & thanks for follow. Looking forward to your tweets.
finish chapter 1 and do log notes
Hahaha ok Love you babe, peace out
I did find one other person who tweets "personally" but not "professionally"
Light travels faster than sound. That's why some people appear bright, until they speak.
Neat. A universal rack? Or for select brands/models? Put a clothes dryer rack inside your dryer for items you don’t want tumbled...
Follow these great tweeps and you'll love them
I caint believe this shit mane. I aint neva seen a church so pitiful in my life.
Wow, great to hear from someone who did it. I'm looking forward/dreading it. It looks challenging, but also well needed.
Agree; streaming is almost worthless today unless your (my) son loves Thomas the Tank Engine. Still seems likeliest impetus.
Rudy spose to hit conley in the corner!
I can change my direction. I know I can. Just not sure which way to point.
Thanks! I will check it out.
No problem. Shout out to my man Andrew Kryzak.
If you read anything out of character on here, just remember it might be a hologram
other than complaining a/ foam, I am doing good, though I am working today.If you are #wsj soon, let's grab a coffee! How r you?
RT : lesson from cloud computing summer school: if you have no internet connection, having your data in the cloud sucks...
Must win tomorrow night for #Panthers... schedule gets difficult in remaining 4 games. Have to beat the worst team in league.
Colton's voice makes me wanna smash my TV
Most amazing story about the man behind ! Thank you for staying with the show!
I pray to God he blesses my team and I on this trip I hope its worth it
lol... it's all good. #GoClippers RT I have no need to boast im life ths spurs been at home resting
"Success follows struggle."
Predicted that the Republican presidential candidates will spend $20 million on ads (mostly negative). No surprise, but so sad.
Thank you. Thank you. You're too kind. I'm also available for wakes and children's parties.
Awesome - Excited to get involved!
Burped in church and it and smelled like patron.
haha .it's funny how the mind uses the first and last letters to interpret words
indeed u are
heyy!! Its ! Umm i cnt favor or follow u on my other account....did u block me or somethin? ):
Just tried a bread shot. Totally failed.
Who do you think will win tonight's women's basketball national championship between Notre Dame and Baylor?
me too...ima just pretend its Miami and DIP! lol
“ Talkin to her feel so wired now”
you need a date to that wedding? il come down for it. one question, open bar? if not just count me out
#XboxUpdate had some connection issues right after. Overall still not too sure how I feel about it yet
i fell sleep early as shit- my phone woke me up n now im stuck. tom gonna suck
Watched Dark Shadows Yesterday with the boyfriend.Now today Cook out with the aunt bringing him to meet her c:
Jacqueline, thanks so much for RT! Susan
St Patrick's Day separates the Jocks from the rest. Participation in bright-green-Tshirt rituals more contingent on jockiness than ethnicity
#InternetSociety Maria at #GlobalINET endorses "Right to be Forgotten," which would be TOTAL violation of US Right to Free Speech!!
Just bought a $25 itunes gift card... First 3 things i buy are Secrets, Ours, and Call Me Maybe covers by Miss
Just spent an hour test riding bikes at South Shore Cyclery without buying anything. I'm a terrible customer, but damn it's fun.
Kelly is at her first 'lacking' class. She can't seem to get the word 'acting' stuck in her head. :-)
I'm really excited to be sharing the stage with some amazing marketers today at #lidigital. Looking forward to seeing everyone there.
It's gonna happen
love to see you, but we're in Austin TX these days. Ever get this way?
This rain is so bright(:
Congrats & Happy 25!
OMG that looks good. Do you pickup orders? Getting in my car now. ;)
commercial CALLBACK on monday! gonna play mommy again :-)
Wonder will I get a scam renewal letter from Domain Registry Of America for each domain I own. Lot of postage
Why is it only Wednesday.....
The anticipation is going to kill me for & announcement today!
That news has made me so HAPPY!!!!!!!
Spent my last night with my boy
Tell your Mom i said Happy Mothers Day!
drinking some water. My life in motherfucking exciting.
Will find my way on to Facebook one day.Used up my last nerve joining Twitter.
DAMN...you cannot kill Mike Myers, Halloween... that dude is made of what? Zombie?! lol
Another one: tautology.
Studio today! Time to slap a da bass!
But...but..but... I want those things now!
Happy Monday!
you & this Work lol
hahaha yes sir! so stoked for tmrw nite! i'm hoping flew up for this one!
You had me at hello, and lost me at goodbye. And everything in between, I guess it was a lie.
In need of a professional website? Contact us for your free consultation to get started today!
Happy New Year!!!!
Finna have movie night by myself
To: My Boyfriend :)
The Black Keys are playing right this moment...AND I AM SITTING ON MY ASS...eh, it's too cold to be at Cochella anyways
lets do it.
i hope for the sake of the gillette company that no shave november doesn't refer to the ass as well
It's good to know LoFaso still thinks of me. Thankful for that.
lol don't those statements contradict...a lady would have not fucked with him right? Lol :-)
You understand that right
Thanks for following!
true story. I think I may break that out tonight.
I spent 1 hour bowling. 217 calories burned.
boy my muscles achin !
i went from 146 followers 2 165 u guys are angeks everybody and i mean EVERYBODY
Adele gives shout out to Someone Like You songwriter Dan Wilson, the guy behind Semisonic and "Closing Time"
dude between going and then coming home?! yep!
WHEN nigga im serious...
Em said to keep track of her panties. Don't want any Sixteen Candles scenarios
Proposal submitted with & for #MCN2012 after a slight bit of submission form hacking and knavery.
His brain has not only been washed, as they say; it has been dry cleaned!
so jealous. Their vodka sauce is pretty much my idea of heaven.
relaxing with my furry child catching up on movies and then watching the Bears win!
If there is 1 thing that I have lrned about going to school in this city, it's that on any given day u can find someone to go out with you.
Watching the last song (;
Still can't get over the fact that we were a powerful David Stern away from the greatest back court in NBA history.
yea as long as it has a front camera and the facetime app
Having trouble watching the Mariners, ugly game, more errors then hits, so I am checking out the new features of CS5. Gosh I am geeky.
This three-pass protocol is typically used during key exchange
dude i ♥ you, please follow me!
Things are lining up nicely for the Browns to get the RT or WR of their choice. Come on baby!
That sounds AMAZING.
Got it. Will Do.
lol :) i miss you and hey i'm not lying haha you're beautiful kid!
Gettin' ready for this new sound that's been knockin' at my ear...the fam hungry too!!
lol trust me I wish I could go too -__-
Up amd at 'em :) time to hit the road for another 12 hoir drive
Up late. Las Vegas plays tricks with time. How are you doing?
Training at my new job!
Reading about HST and NCLB. So many bad decisions on so many levels. Sadness.
ok cool. Is the strike still popping?
after #ymiw #whocharted and the Conan appearance you are easily my favorite comedian. Thanks for all you do!
yup yup
HA. me too , lucky people all famous and stuff :p
We will be posting an entire video of #CSuite feat. Peter Bernard on our FB page. Stay tuned.
Feel so immature... But finished the scarf and am getting ready to start the next pair of socks.
nothing wrong with a little disco nap.
aww boo. :( what's the recovery timeline?
I think deserves credit for being 7 years ahead of most media outlets in addressing student debt and our generation.
DAYLIGHT PONZI SCHEME: Yo. If we set our clocks back every week, we'll keep gaining hours. You're welcome.
It was so obvious, I could feel the chill! Great acting, great writing!
Happy Birthday, neighbor!
Giving away lottery tickets at our Bedford Heights showroom! Corner of Miles and Richmond. You have until 4 pm to get here!!!
There goes again brushing ER teeth
Paranormal romance is the urban fantasy of romance genre.
No, you're fun and games
- I just got off the phone w ... so stoked about the event. Will def be #FirePower2012 - Cant wait 2 meet ya!
#actorsloungelive the actors gym youtube.com/cfcla
Did I dream that win? Go #gophers!
I guess its church tonight
95% of the motherfuckers that will judge you aren't even worth a damn
Bliss April 26th
As far as Cartoon Network goes, our child psychologist recommended against it. It really helped to get rid of it.
awesome! What time? We're sending people over that are interested.
dat don't mean nun 2 me
Afghan Whigs and Brad playing NYC on the same night in 2 weeks. Cannot wait! you in town by chance?
hahaha - except our dollar amount is $0 not $10
Ladies and gentlemen, Nelson Cruz.
On the air too. Just posting for non-locals. ;)
: Shooting miss in Venice today for Limeade California
A backward poet writes inverse
Hey!!! :D Did you just get this?
oh my heck!!! Me to!!! Hahaha
#peytonmanning sure maimi has beaches and what not but nothin can beat Colorado's mountains!
How many parts can we have?
I like leap day! It's like an extra day to get things done, make more money and to love life!!
try the 3mg...might work. There is a 5mg dose too; that doesnt work for me. I sleep the same amount and wake up foggy headed
When people get on the bus, then get off four blocks later. BITCH you coulda walked
Yes, so glad we got coffee and that you're enjoying the internship!
Thanks Steph - we're excited!
hrmm. I'm pretty sure we don't yet have a way to fine tune Repeats. :( Would be a very useful addition.
#Catching up with Days Have you noticed since he came out Will suddenly has strange hair? Just like Sonny. Is that a tell in Salem?
i dont have enough shorts lol i need a shock collar everytime i buy another shirt lol
News4 is letting handle the story & show video of it RT:“: are you on the super moon beat tonight?”
Don't ever question that my heart beats only for you.
hahahahah yes you are seeing my sugar rants then !! i am doing better going back on my healthy diet :) :) how is acting going? :)
What is the name the brothers that wrote “Lift Every Voice and Sing” in 1900? For the answer visit www.americanlegacymag.com
Oh, how sweet ☺
GREAT lunch with mom for mothers day...check. #Pop-N-LockBeatMix for San Antonio and the U.S.....check. Visit with my grandma...check!
Ever see a performance raise the bar for everything you've seen from the same musician? I was happy w/5 pieces of candy until you gave me 10
needs a AC!
shid they been callin me that lol then that nigga started rappin so I was back to being same ol just "Sean" lol
Sponsoring a table for Casino Night on Jan. 23rd. Promises to be a fun time and a good cause for a great group of kids.
“: We all have that one friend who always gets caught jerking off.”
RT : Someone needs you to lift them up this day. Go find them.
god was definitely looking over me last night
These lawyer fees are totally cutting into my "hooker/booze" budget.
omg yess that u are very super correct!!
Wait my mom left for jazz fest....
That can't be real, can it?
As long as ALA continues with the circle jerking, the profession will stagnate.
#ListOfTurnOns sweet, funny, caring, is himself and doesn't let a girl change what he wants in his future.
Still feel the drinks from this mornin
Smartphones are pricey. Don't buy 1 when you really don't need 1.
hey that's me in the white car!
I'm surprised to see someone like Harrington talk about it like it was...
Children in the dark cause accidents, accidents in the dark cause children.
Ready for some change!
well i love my hoe
Agreed! RT A sense of purpose can transform the mundane into the miraculous
It should be illegal to go to work before the sun rises.
Happy, happy Birthday, Janet! Love that its truly excellent!
don't be it's fine.
...about to do the ING half in Atlanta in a couple of hours
Wait, when did the Indians get Johnny Damon?!?
we love u
lol.You ate the whole pizza
and we want to see on tour with you!!!
I switched accounts, i reached my amount of tweets per day on my other -_-
let's do it!
still up? And if you're a mother Happy Mothers day
Nothin to do!
I really need to be at the hill Snowboarding
In uppermost Manhattan, they're happening now! Just got a glorious noseful. Plus, self-seeded snapdragons in full bloom. Crazy!
When one door closes, another one opens. When both doors close you're probably in my panic room.
Two and a half more inches of rain in two hours. Wow.
This mustachioed grandpa kept farting during yoga and then shooting me mischievous looks.
good luck :(
i hate walking the dogs -_-
Trying to finish up THE SCENT OF RAIN AND LIGHTNING (Nancy Pickard) for Monday Morning Mystery book group.
Busy 2 months coming up...
GOAL! Ryan McDonlad gets that 2 goal lead back for Delaware. 10:30 left. 5-3 Blue Hens.
I confess to you daily.... I work harder everyday and I hope that you hear me...
And just bcuz u have a mission doesn't mean u have a mkt RT : Just because u have a market doesn't mean u have a mission
Whats with this new set? I don't like change!
Journey is getting us started on our journey south of the border.
HAPPY BRITHDAY JAYCIE!!!! Have a great birthday!
The PARTY box is NEW for December - only $30 for treats n eats for a casual get-together check it out www.thetreasurebox.org
Lol is it a.contest. Lol 500 nearly brought Me down
yes!! Awesome conversations. So much passion here!!
#np The Downfall of Us All....
I think if you drink enough your brain starts photoshoppin people. Lmao
That article on disaster costs just highlights the problem of metrics like GDP. True comparison is with the counterfactual.
Damn I'm tired af I could knock out at any time
Just had thee best romaine salad with ranch dressing & garlic accents ever. & some jamba juice.
i hate history movies ;p
Bro tellin me our hang out is gonna have to be ran by the girlfriend tho <<< smh
Watched some live Queen from the 70's last night. Roger Taylor, one of the best rock drummers ever. Doesn't get his due.
By the same token, are all the women that now getting tattoos closet lesbians?
we're all the same people, we just handle things differently.
Happy Mother's Day babes
LA people! Come see me at the Roxy tonight at 10 PM! $5 at the door. xoxox
Catracha, how do you tweet much, been about 6 months and can't even get to 1000 tweets yet .. Lol
This song is not helping the mood right now 😢 #np Bridge Over Troubled Water / Chris Mann.
Tim Clarke is boss. Interviews are end of May for CRCS position
Their silence is sufficient praise.
thanks! It would be a steep learning curve that's for sure.
your weirdness is creeping out my imaginary friend
How things can change overnight!
Marco Arment (), founder of , is talking about Bridging the App Gap
Ready to drop this years celebration log at field! Who will get the first slab?
schedule hasn't been made for next week yet, so I have no idea.
broken iPhone,, sucks/
Happy Monday, and welcome back to all you Spring Break-ers! Call us if you need to stock up on supplies to finish out your school year!
Beach weekend @ Rehoboth! Surf, sand, sun...summer! Sweet!
Bike ride to beaver anybody?
and we still have more material to read from today. Can't wait for SF Zine Fest. Anyone else going?
aww so cute! He was my partner last year!
I am my own person!!!
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 1118 calories! on 4/9/12 at 1:34 PM
You're way too young to play these games.
Online applications are great, but take the time to also submit a targeted cover letter. Shows you thought about the job.
I hope Dawson and Bettis get their yellow jackets today.
Every field is especially blind to its own methodological shortcomings. The internal debates are always smaller-scale.
glad you liked it...Was great seeing you at the hilltop of Malibu! Hopefully again soon...
Walking down the street eating a pistachio macaroon, giving not one fuck. STILL STREET.
#HACR2012 #nhli25 Dr. Antonia Novello "I speak with an accent but I don't think w/ an accent"
Or #Mufasa RT : "Being brave doesn't mean you go looking for trouble."
it's that kind of day. However, I really hope I don't go into a food coma!
we have to talk about the beer in your profile photo...
Oh, you got me. I'm totally wrong, you're totally right. You've changed my mind. I have no interest in debating you. Ever.
We shut down Luxe last night
This one's for the #Oregonians: Did you know #Oregon grows 99% of commercial Filberts in the US?
You're welcome! Hope your week is going great.
Instant FACE formula just add Brodus Clay
To all my natural hair salon owners in Las Vegas Nevada, I am looking for you. Hit me back on twitter. Looking to come to Vegas in Sept.
Dude i kinda wish I had a certain girlfriend
Thanks for the RT, sweets! Happy Friday :) How are your new digs?
Celebrating Texas getting wasted and St. Patty's, <3 Ally
#earthquake Just stood in the doorway watching my whole house shake.
#healthtip: Do NOT exercise when u are sick especially w/ fever. When sick your body needs 2 spend all of its energy healing itself
obesity is more than being sedentary... Poor food choices doesn't help
Community! Both are great though.
National Weather Service plans series of radar upgrades across Minnesota. How it will keep you safer on KSTP-TV at 6pm.
Oh this is gonna be fun... Subway is busy, and I'm in a shit mood. People are gonnaa hate me.
my ignorance is bliss..
touche.. i woke up at 6ish
I almost killed my dad and I in the car today 😨 I was so scared
Buying ugly houses today
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
i love you too . and you better not doubt me again ! lmao I Love You EmmyBearr !
Cleveland Browns&#39; president Mike Holmgren and coach Pat Shurmur&#39;s Saturday press conference -- NFL draft 2012 ...
composing instrumentals and smoking marijuana lol!
Going to the brunch this saturday with my meetup group (The Genuine Girlfriends of New York City) Hope to see you there!!!
thanks x)
Kicking off the last #mithdd of the year. presenting on archival description to a full room
The 70's looked really smooth.. The 80's was full of partying but also the drug and aids phase.
Better than diets or herbal supplements, herbal teas are the most effective way to get the benefits of herbs, safely and easily.
thank u!! omg we havn't tlked in foreva!!
I hear you on the weeds Are you taking a break for summer from schooling?
Just wait until I do a Negative Nelly post about the stress, time & money suck of a renovation. You'll run the other way!
I see you
who's Dustin? like Dylan and Austin combined?
Good morning, #Albuquerque! We're digitizing, drawing, printing, and stitching like crazy to get you folks geared up, but weve got time yet!
I was crying laughing so hard. I dvrd it as well. Goodtimes
Absolutely. It will be on the web at 7:00pm so can hear the whole thing then.
Thanks KTSU 90.0 FM for broadcasting my recording of "Our Love is Here to Stay" this morning. Aloha Houston!
You sold petey to a blink kid!!!!
I have a last minute meeting and wont be able to make tonights EMP gathering :( Coffee this friday to talk about AAM?
#whatgetsmemad liars and stupidity. Going to church doesn’t make you a Christian, any more than standing in a garage makes you a car!
omg that's awful! I'm sorry! :-(
I'll smoke to that!
I'm upset you would go to domo without me
For me, a brick oven would mean homemade pizza twice a week.
5th graders obsessed with Hunger Games. WHY can't we have it in our library too... Should it be in K-5? SLJ rec's 7-9 and I agree.
Almost able to get some new colors (finally) on Any recommendations? I'm thinking Mardi Gras...
about Loser toddles off the public stage?Oops,unfair McCain doesnt have one
international phone calls for free? yes, you can. Ipod + Skype
oh my goodness :( I'm sorry I hope it gets better!!! Let me know what happens
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! She is about 1/3 in so I'm guessing she is at the first sex scene.
Thanks for organizing a great #skillshare12 panel on DH and LIS w my co-panelists Barbara Rockenbach
On the last episode of Photos Nobody Wants To See Ever, we met Kaylee, your newborn niece. Today, it's Sparkles, your neighbor's terrier!!
true. The photo is probably the least objectionable part of that post
Yess , Yes... Blocking me makes youu quitee the mann..... NOT.
So then why do teachers punish you when you get into trouble if you are only learning, which is exactly what they want you to do?
New #dogthebountyhunter can't wait brah!!
Taking a lightning bugs life is unnecessary!!
We still have unfinished business.
Ha. Sad, but true. Reminds me of a recent experience at the park.
Haha! If they don't they should.
12 Days of Red Dresses — #1: Couture The Vampire Diaries may be a hit show, but aside from her popularity with the tween set, Nina Dobrev
#ohwell must be an x gener thing
I usually don't state my opinion but that girl needs a reality check & not the one she's getting from her new reality show
Nike about to hold on against Adidas
I wish i was n dc right now.
Rely heavily on reviewers given broadness of field. More than 3,000 invitations to review in 1 yr.
Me!!! RT busy day in radio land...who ready to be off work???
if you aren't doing huge volumes and no automation try - larger volumes try hope that helps!
Thanks for the invite asshole.
You can be in a room full of people and still feel lonely. Don't give up! The love of your life is feeling the same way right now.
not to mention E! makes Minnesota sound like it sucks. Boo!
Watching BEHIND THE MUSIC its so interesting :)
Lol good I read when I can & when i find a good book
My sign says "no solicitors" dammit! If it's not raw/health related....don't try to sell me shit!
I just like that we're still using the term "automobile."
i hope by getting the vehicle, they are one step closer!
Check us out tonight at club atrium and watch shut that bihh down!!! S/O to jit and the whole Poe Boy fam!
As a photo person, #CiteYourSources = inst. name, date, collection, item ID. More info, the better!
I am impressed by u more every day. Thanks for being aware and promoting causes u believe in! Ppl like u change the world.
ha can I call u that?
Even though u barely tweet anymore, I still check your twitter every day because I love you...and gonna miss u when u leave <3
In the last 3 days, I have received 10 emails from #AAF and #Ad2Houston, most duplicates. Last Friday alone, I received 7.
Booze, Bitches, and Bubble Gum
You're welcome! You can hashtag trending topics or key words associated your tweet i.e.
Great job at #refreshLeadership Wednesday, amazing speakers! BTW very cool illustrated profile pic
Four cops within two miles. Really?
Wonder if they'll keep doing the brewers cup if Andy is the only won who ever wins? He's won both years the competition has existed.
I already sold them lol
up the Dubs! Now I have to find a pub showing it.
LOL! Yeah, glad Bill Self ain't in UK's locker room!
I know it's just February 22, but I have the worst spring fever today. The sunny gardens at are calling my name!
I'm ready to settle down
Thanks! I'm so excited! Now, I just have to figure out child care. They have onsite daycare, so maybe?
#FollowFriday Keep up your #DoGood work!
tlking my nigga.... and my #twitterboo (I.E.) you lol nah..... but just chillin at my homeboy crib and on her and
Ppl and their foolery...smdh!
In Austin and no call or text! I am down here 4 days a week now!
We're voting YES on #sagaftra!!
so could I have all your American airlines flyer miles then?
I am over myself. Just being clear about what I do and the value of it.
U know u fat if u leave the house with tv dinners in ur hand like its a clutch purse.
i think this makes sense if you know what i'm sayin
there definitely is a such thing as a prodigy. one of my faves back in the day. "i'ma fire starter...!"
Very soon Harriet Fulbright College will announce a collaborative agreement with one of Washington's prestigious universities.
Looking forward to seeing #TheConvert tonight 's Kirk Douglas with I hear good things!
Volunteer work - (we have a very altrusitic team)
DC's unemployment rate compared to the rest of the country is only 5.9%
Five years from now, Clippers-Grizzlies could be an awesome rivalry.
Today it gets better...
After three days of 4-hr intense yoga practices, I'm planning a recovery meal for this evening. Any suggestions?
I have all of this week then we go mon-wed and thursday is a half day :)
Planning my birthday "party" with my mom! #yay! 🎈🎉
I get back on Saturday home slice!
no - in my eyes you are.
as an avid supporter of #openness and #transparency, I can proudly claim that I hide nothing ;) except for dark chocolate
Come let me touch ya, come, come let me touch ya. ;*
It was a tough weekend with the Seahawks loss in the playoffs. I am slowly recovering. . .
RT : “Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.” ― Dr. Seuss
Good burger >
Rescue wildlife in 'Animal Kingdom' - USA TODAY
I don't like Mandie. Yes I'm actually jealous. But everyone is saying she was really rude,& SHE asked them to pick her... wtf. js my opinion
When she dance I throw her dollas
Do me a favor...Save that shit..Bitch!!!!!
Wearing my Lakers shirt to school fwm Nuggets fans.
RT : #Taurus just as you are loyal and dependable, you are very possessive & jealous if your emotional security is threatened.
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.
where in Texas?
Preach RT : Don't nobody want a needy ass women who don't bring shit to the Table
nah i went yesterday. he did amazing as usual but the fans i wanted to hurt them all
Pamala always liked my loud smile!! Think she still does! =D An awesome friend with a huge heart!!
Please welcome my friend to Twitter.
Possible idea for #mscdeng3670 research project: Research history of the MSCD WC. Could interview Doe & Haley. Talk to me if interested.
: Great! We'll check it out. Thanks!
Good Job Lawrence. #education is the way out of
just finished our penultimate day of shooting for seizure 2. tired, but it's going to be oh so cool.
Where are you hiding? I'm on 5th Floor in Mount Diablo.
cuzzo is so protective!! Like the big brother I never had!
We cant thank you enough San Marcos! Thanks for followin us!
It is too early for this much #snow! No power and a trees down everywhere, not looking forward to
Can't wait to hang out with Robin tomorrow and Oakley Saturday! <3
I thought they changed #pretty_little_liars from the book
#76ers are "a bunch of gazelles coming in here" said #BostonCeltics coach Doc Rivers before series.
no im a pharmacist. theres a difference.
can i remove the mil. tweets from accounts Im following but don't want to have to look at?dear twitter where is the "less of"/"hide" feature
Lets close this game out #GoSpursGo!!!
hey its my birthday turned 16
What's good with ya! How's your 2012 calendar lookin!
#FF my awesome co-workers at : - all assisting in making me a Twitter celeb.
Fuck my life dude.
QoTD: "One should examine oneself for a very long time before thinking of condemning others." (Moliere)
who the fuck is emerald?
I just unsubscribed from every daily deal site and I FEEL WONDERFUL. See ya Groupon, LivingSocial, and the rest of ya.
So the pickup is a metaphor for his penis and the team of horses represents Viagra. That means the mud hole he gets stuck in is...
Had fun at Big fan of 09 Cab and the Late Harvest Sauv Blanc. And, just really fun people
Money isn't losing tonight bro!
what's to be jealous of anyway???
Gonna get my hair done :) woot woot ! It's been long over due
Got a gold star for most improved mouth at the dentist today. Apparently it DOES pay off to do what they tell you!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Any agreement that spouses can enter in a pre-nup agreement can also be done in a post-marital agreement.
new Elmore Leonard novel out, Raylan. looking forward to it!!
I told Iman it was Martin Luther King's birthday. She said "O... Is he really a king." I said no he's not the king...she's 5,
DS: Jim Caldwell is our new Offensive Assistant/Quarterbacks Coach
Info? RT : Getting some interesting inquiries about the Truth or Dare Speed Dating event on Mar 16. Will you be there?
Successful girls day :) now work 430 till 830/9ish? 💰💰
haha go get one!
My line Dead azz fuck Hit my line if u wnt to 4142180555
We loved having at our West Suburban location this morning to test out TRX!
Watching scary tv shows before bed <<<
Austin isn't going 1.. He's projected 12 right now. Plus Iguodola? hibbert? rondo bass pietrus Bradley
Nothing gets us more excited than a constitutional review. And Robert's Rules of Order.
“: RT : Ex 5-star Michigan DB recruit Demar Dorsey will play for Hawaii this yr.” son of a bitch!!!!
That's no cobbler. That's a crisp.
soo tired and have to get up early for work but not sleeping till I win for my girls :-)
RT If you want to follow you
Our athletes at our gym range from 2-3 double unders to 300+ unbroken
I am!
Thanks, guys. Appreciate your support. Hopefully we can get you up here for the next one.
My grandma should check me out and take me shopping c:
#WTF Just Now getting off work
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will. - W. Clement Stone
Best returm ever
nice to tweet you! Would be happy to talk w/ you about the ecommerce systems u use for your clients!
It's raining in McKinney TX!!! First rain drops since June 22.
Now I'm getting msgs from asking me to confirm I know someone. Without option to say no. Doesn't display in Inbox.
The only time Rihanna left my house late was when I called her and said "Rihanna, come over and leave so I can tweet about it. Thanks yo"
Transvaginal mesh injury victims, please visit www.meshinjury.com for helpful information and resources.
Mayor: if there's a group of folks who want to sit down with the police and have a dialogue, they are open to it.
go to the nurse she's sending the whole school home lol
Big hugs. Your grandma sounds like a lovely woman!
so amazing! They just melt in your mouth its like a mouth orgasm. This must be what Heaven is like Eating mini churros with Dana
Someone needs to write a terrible (/wonderful) X-over fic of the X Files & Holmes. And by someone I mean me.
#FollowFriday #FF RT For every bumper sticker you have, I deduct 10 points from your IQ.
lol I know I can't wait hey do u have a facebook??
Cheating on the diet.
Red robin in washington:) dust and car @ jerimiahs for prom. They looked soo cute!!
Live everyday in remembrance of what He did for us on the cross Live all your life victorious of what He did in us through the resurrection
My mommys sick..
So much to do and so little time to do it
Many thanks responding and tolerating me. Looking forward to your piece on
nice. It will be warm here but it has also been pouring.
Thanks for sharing I love that video you sent me. Have a great workout and a blast at the show tonight!
haha not ? Whatever :D I hope it isn't bad that I write to you :) whaddaya doin ?
Willis and doodleberries
#MeAndYouCantDate Because I hate the way you eat.
juice fasts and business travel do not mix
I feel the same way!
Today's special is the ULTIMATE CHICKEN SANDWICH! Cajun seasoned, w/ BBQ sauce, bacon, pepperjack! Comes w/ your choice of ultimate sides!
Thanks for spreading the word about our job opening!
Fee fi fo fum, I could sure go for a large tom yum. Have some Typhoon brought to your door with free delivery. Code is NOV2011 at...
"I AM NOT YOUR BABY DADDY." omfg crying
Auction: with was amazing! Thank you to the bidders!
As much as I love getting dressed up, there is something so much more relaxing about putting on my sneakers &glasses to walk free
"Ok, so ur probably going, 'Is this like a Noxzema commercial or what?'but seriously, I actually have a way normal life for a teenage girl."
thanks for the follow :)
Thank you!
* Dreams are unrealistic, impractical, demanding -- & absolutely essential to living a rich and fulfilling life. *
Au contraire, your #tweet was excellent. I'm just drilling into the how, as much as the what and the evil, of the embedded app.
I'll miss you Jarret Johnson & Cory Redding. Sincerely. But have fun not winning a Super Bowl.
I would much rather try it than see it being demonstrated to me, which may be the easiest way to show, but not to learn it
“: Texas is by far the best!” Whys that?
Day off, so...I'm digging into Pottermore. Nine months after everyone else. Yeah! So hip.
you guys been here longer than me.
The LOOK: Blonde Is Beautiful - GoLocal Worcester
Happy Holidays from all of us ! Awesome win for the Bulls! Derrick Rose...#MVP :)
“: Anyone want my 700th tweet?(:”
I kissed bella...and she broke her hand...punching my face.. LOL
Happy Birthday to my big bro
like wtf ? Seriously -.- GROW UP !
For , the issue is that XML's data definition language and data manipulation language are too separate
I love that someone else enjoys a crisp BL on occasion too
Children's Communication Checklist-2
I hate dish! Raining no signal... Thank god for #tnt with that overtime on the website
I hope Taylor Swift's new album is like her Hunger Games songs. They're simply amazing.
GOODMORNING WORLD! How is 1 hour and 11mins into your day.
#Fact RT : Everything Goin Indiana Way Right Now..
I'm holding my breath. I think I'm turning blue..
Ain't no woman alive that can take my mommas place. -2Pac
Questions that aren't properly answered never go away.
See you on the horizon!
We are excited to keep you connected! Have a safe trip to Mexico!
OE on a full stomach. Always such a good idea.
The 40 year old virgin movie is way better unrated
Weak and Whack shit is not acceptable in 2012. Niggas might get cut off.
#JaneDoeLLC .. Is everyone ready for 4.20?! :-) Jane Doe, LLC. is PREPARED! Meet Mary Jane tomorrow! <2
I'm thinking about joining the Marines just so my personal history will be more interesting after I'm done.
#Congress: #Afterschool “provides an effective learning environment and afterschool activities. This must continue.”–Udaya
if you talk about somebody thats suppose to be your friend when they walk away then your not a real friend !
If you don't like listening to them get the fuck off lau 2.
Can i interest you in some Wang?
Ima hustla why I gotta steal from u
ok good but when do ya get back?
why would you sit your best player??
So let's see whose honest on #Twitter ~ some people have loads of #Followers . . . are you using a program? which one?
is enjoying that popcorn!
“Thank you for such a wonderful experience at the Dosha. I love my hair so much more now. You did an awesome job" LOVE these comments!
ZirMed is planning to attend HIMSS this year(and we will have some exciting announcements)! Let me know if you are a ZirMed client attending
Wow...what a great hustle play by Avery Bradley. Sprint back & contest!
we movin to the top who comin wit us
Any shops interested in carry PaperTrail, feel free to email us with inquiries -
Field trip time :D
They just outro'ed Dave Grohl & Butch Vig with LMFAO.
High of 94 before noon is inexcusable. A/C in my 2002 pick-up already let me know that it can't hang. Gonna be a long hot summer in
new music project very excited! stay tuned!
RT Is there something I shouldn't say when am at Allen FieldHouse? (yes, don't say go K-State!)
I'm generally 2 edgy for it. More reasons why I can't do without my many alter ego friends who actually do it.
Bang Bang Bang Bang, Vamanos Vamanos
I cant even flirt with dudes without them taking it seriously. Gosh. Dudes move too fast these days.
If you mean by longer school day moving to a digital curriculum available 24/7, yes. If you mean more static seat time, no.
I think that is my #1 pet peeve at work.
#DearMrHunt we would very much like to have our MLS cup back
how's u and katherine? I'm ganna support Princess and I :)
great tweet!! And so true!!
still East village, definite upgrade from where I'm at now though.
while the mechanism is unclear, that seems to be the result
I do that often... had a good one awhile back, "sweep it under the door"
It's Gotta be YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUU! It's Gotta be Looouuuuisssssssssss!!:)x
YEAH FLOWER!!!!
Yeah, that was odd!
Omg its Friday didn't realize that. But TGIF!
it's sickening!
City Center Tenants: Want a free sub from Capriotti's? 1st 10 people to mention this at the Concierge dest will get a coupon for a free sub!
I'm guessing Lima, Peru or Washington, DC.
Got textbooks? Sell your books at Bookholders and get Fast Cash!
You know you're a Mahomie when you really want someone to make Austin Mahone cut outs.
Apparently Subway feels the need to hire ugly people for their commercials.
you will love it! a pink box of goodies each month! RT: happy to see in my inbox, looking forward to first delivery!
try tweetdeck. i've been using it for awhile and like many things about it.
Here we go, sliding into the digital ether, the physical realities vaporized into a wet, pungent exhalation.
First encounter w/ corn truffle ice cream: gross. Beer bacon chocolate ice cream, however. There we have a winner. (Note: V. SMALL PORTIONS)
poweroutage expanded up the block to 4th and L and for several blocks around
On the road to the riches until I'm paid if full.
City will remove them if you cut them up and put them by the street - there's a schedule.
what's up w/DJ's Sports Bar?
Thank you Gypsy queen.
Nice point from Steps before. Now all he has to do is replicate that 75-ish times to have a prayer.
thank u
I, personally, love adding in Sunny D (or any orange juice)
the world is an unfair cruel place..... sometimes.
stop tweeting this bull ur smart enough to know that's not true---this has no legs and it sounds silly
thanks man! let's hang out soon.
#Heartattack Smokers Mistakenly Believe Vitamins Protect Them From Cancer Title: Smokers Mistakenly Believe Vitamins Protect Them From Canc
lol. Well, if u r I'll wait up for u <3
Help us welcome Karina Bryant to The RAW Dream Team!
Your twitter has been hijacked. Unless you're actually sending me hurricane videos.
bored doe...: Personal Deep Dish Pizzas
Phil dowd is useless
Honestly that halftime show was produced very well. Madonna looked a little stiff though
Age does not bring maturity - Change does.
Jamie and Stefany worked on a couple songs last night. Looking for lyrics and the melody for said lyrics to be found. Tough job!!
RT : OH: "and this is where rockstars lay out their skanky whores and do lines off their scars."
I haven't been on twitter at all
MindFirstFitness on Linkedin. Where the 'big boys' play...
WHO WANTS TO DESIGN THE GREENSMOKERSMVMNT LOGO
and you are telling this to us to .. make us jealous? You aint finding the big hairy guy that way.
Well Manchester you really brought it tonight. Look out London were coming for you. Live dvd shoot tomorrow night!!!
Sitting in garage smoking & eating candy from some past holiday & I am frozen
So proud of my sister
Watching a live demo of #sidevibe via #gotomeeting with #jkuglin Scott Fearnley, and Drew Murphy. Amazing!
Dear Migraine god - please back off for the next 2.5 hours while I teach. Is wearing sunglasses while teach taboo?
#ff the sexiest Aquarius ever!
Wait, can you forward the memo? Last I heard we were on a mission to force black women to have abortions
Body Aching And Shit !
thanks baby. How have YOU been? Come visit me
Awesome! RT : Is having a relaxing day at Whole Foods Cafe!
ROFL 'no option to update #Facebook status yet but maybe in 30mins' Love the #startups agility
LOL WHY U GETTING MAD
is my favorite weather girl!
May the FARF be w/ you all gr8t sharing new ideas!
It's Natl Apple Pie Day! The most common toppings for apple pie are vanilla ice cream (a la mode) and cheese (American cheese or cheddar).
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
good morning wow that's cool Ty
Time for new running shoes! My Pegasus' are tearing my feet up
follow back? (:
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
I want to be snuggled up in bed, but alas, I have work to do
been there (I lived in jammies during finals)! Take your time
Hairbag saved my life.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Do you have a stick up your ass or do you naturally walk like an 85 year old man?
Look there's no 'new' anything ok? New isn't new. Old isn't new. Old is old. That's all there is. Old is the old old. I need a hug
Big flakes coming down in east parts of the metro -- but too warm to stick for commute on valley floor.
Donna Summer has died at 63: REPORT
the breakfast of champions!!!
Send me a message, I'd love to chat more about it!
#Whynotfirst? Claude deserves the #Hart. Malkin? Erased in playoffs.
Tonight will be a night of #EPIC proportions! Join us tonight and then after-ups Password = "MVP" Tables? DM us
ah omg :'O i can't believe it ....thank you SO much for follow me <3 OMG<3 i love you...njksjkiowjeikerjpo
Some say: the left wants to convince independent voters to waste votes on non-viable candidates to save Obamas reelection efforts,)
": Tell the truth. Who used to say "Happy ValentiMe's day when they were little? ? should B who still says it & u know who u r
#WhyDoiAlways Hate myself?. Oh, cuz I'm an ugly piece of shit.
Good luck! It's awesome to see a new cuke convert. Now if only we used it more at work...
I'm not sure..
Apparently Occupy Atlanta protesters had weapons of mass destruction. Glad the mayor caught that in time.
we need guy/girl models for our photo shoot in 2 weeks! paid opportunity! #whosein??
man i tried to put it in for like an hour i guess that mf said fuck me im closed .
Oh I was misinformed it was MCA not AD ROCK, still just as devastating. I'm really feeling old now, I hope these young heads appreciate him.
Music fuels my creativity & I appreciate good 'ol album art. Support on April 21st. Doing so also helps your local economy.
Ctfu!! RT : Not sure. Prayed about it. Waiting on God to reply. RT : r u really coming to newark?
I will send you some pictures tomorrow just for you & thanks :)
Day is more than half way gone....come on 330....insanity is callin me
Lawson is killing it!
Thanks for the shoutout! Really appreciate it :)
⌘ + W my tab if to bet this'll be a lot about parkour Feel your computer.
Awesome! I'd argue that Premise and Theme(s) should be switched ;)
that's is crazy I was in English 2 lol now I'm at lunch
Whats twitter world? Time to get back on the ball and start doing updates mlre often sorry for the break bit now to start over lol.
FOLLOW FRIDAY!!
I miss our fun Skype chats!!! I hope everythings good with you! <3 Maria
Haha - I think he might have been talking thermodynamics there so he's ready!
Let's see it on you!
thanks for the follow back :) are you coming to teen hoot
and are too kind. I simply do what I can with what I have where I am. Thank you both.
New Yorkers have no shame. And a lot of game.
You can go thru a red light too. Ppl talk about this issue like it is so dangerous. It pisses ppl off because they "cant" do it
How did I know someone would tweet "Kayla's Baby"... #ShowChoirProblems <3
Wow. You're pathetic.
Yes! If you see one you're aching to go to - let me know! I'll do the same.
Happy #Mother's Day Weekend!! Take the time to cherish and appreciate the women in your life. <3
I can't wait to get my hair done tomorrow .
Trading up for Tannehill? Agree with you, now the comments from people are just getting stupid.
are you ready for #IfAllOfRochester? We'll be there from noon to 1:30 with author
Lots of new interesting Blogs on TopSistaBlogs.gotop100.com Check them out! If you have a business add it to TopSistaSites.gotop100.com
Apparently we still have his tail...
Today's added plates: Meat and Potatoes Omelette / Alabamy Sammy- Buttermilk Biscuit with Crispy Chicken, Sausage Gravy, Fried Egg
Looking forward to learning more about #Houdini tonight at 6 with Thanks to for spreading the word.
I must say Michelle Obama completely won me over on #biggestloser tonight.
how about I send you a large crate and you pack all you & kit and up and ship yourself here.
A person should gamble every day, because think of how bad it would be to walk around being lucky and not know it. -- Robert Turner
Tech integration is key to success of students especially those with special needs. Why don't we have tech standard?
it's not my fault no one else understood the context of the question and could answer it correctly
Isn't that crazy????
Thanks guys -- Dylan covered it for the day but I will definitely keep you two in mind for any future stories!
what we got new?
You both are awesome! Thanks for being fans of our snacks. :) RT: sunbelt granola bars ! <33333333
This is probably the easiest job ever for $15/hour. I love politics.
Yeah, yeah, yeah but you've played 3 more games than we have. I hate that. Why such diff in GP?!?
you and them Micky mouse boxers lmao
#highschoolmemories late nights at Seneca golf course and many other after dark shenanigans w/ all my boys at red fox rd.
Obama: "I like coke." Fox News: "Obama declares war on Pepsi."
lol cool I'm about to saw my sister the new jb video
Fr some reason I still can't DM u back. I'm on AM1160 M-F, 3to5p. Producing a daily talk show called 180 w Karl Clauson.
Me too “ I want some wings b ..”
I am the Crocodile!
Good night twitter this new future got me in my zone everyone have a blessed night
I leave out tomorrow midday going to MD
Happy New One!
chase it with alcohol!!!
Cupid to hold press conference after tonight's game questioning the line on Ross's resume where it says "Major League Outfielder".
WYR... have to kneel a giant in the balls every time you eat, OR speak only in Cockney rhyming slang.
Why do I always chicken out when I wanna tell you how I really feel.?
you will when I get them lol
thank you for supporting OBEDIA, it means a lot! Can't wait to see what you make with #studioone !
I started remembering to take my reusable shopping bags into the store when I got some incredibly cute ones.
Don’t bother making space in your heart for someone who doesn’t make an effort to stay.
Thanks for the follow Jon! I'm a big fan of Copyblogger :-)
Moving is THE WORST
Follow the girls:
Watching the fight at MGM...Who do you guys have your bet on tonight?
go back to listening to miss may I or ABR this scene dont want you in it poser. no one fucking likes you.
I have Insurgent ready to go on Amazon - should arrive any day!
Love the whole series, makes me feel a bit nostalgic.. :)
we better unless we lock someone else up
WTF WHAT IF THEY CHOKE?!?!?!
lol you'll look funny I bet, but it's ok ;p
#MKE Peeps! Be sure to follow - one of the GREAT sources of #philanthropy here. #MKETWEEP Cc:
No matter how carefully you choose your words, they'll always end up being twisted by others..
can I get it
I'm being 1057495029504% honest!
nope studying for my exam tomorrow :(
yo my broda I got u it might even be something better! How have you been?
Yeah, I wondered about the impact on free TV news sites. Surely paywall strategy took that into account?
Lol we are doing it for a sh*t load of money, wow wow wow!!!!
Needles and Pins by Deftones
Lol @ people who think i rub things in their face everyday, when i donntttt. You said u knew it was a joke, so dont take it offensively.(:
Just woke up...... & DON'T WANT TO GO TO SCHOOL ! #GleeTonight <3 <3 <3
sofas $ 595- HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Hey Ivan good luck tonight against Baltimore you're one of the best pitchers on the
Hop off boy.
#astdalc the people / connections / best practice!
We made up a new word. Confuddle, which is befuddle+confound ...
I love coming home from school and being completely lazy 💤
What's for lunch today? Turkey & cheese sandwich on a bun, fresh cucumber slices, applesauce, chocolate brownie and milk.
Photographers! Want to see your work in our next issue or featured on our website? Email
Happy Monday Everyone! Hope you are having a wonderful day! Almost at follower #1000! Who will win the contest???
Lovers who broke my heart, they were like northern stars, pointing me on my way into your loving arms. 🎶
Every organization must be prepared to abandon everything it does to survive in the future
great field position for the #Terps, now can #O'Brien find a play that isn't "82 go long" and get #Maryland in the endzone
He conquered death!... Happy Easter everyone, have a blessed day.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Ion want no head
Just for you!
Monday is not my friend. Can it be Friday?
never texts me back !! Im never going to text you anymore whore lol that rhymed
What a great day to walk or ride your bike on the Cultural Trail today to get to the Street Food Showdown at City Market from 10-2
The way talk to girls>>>>>gross-__-
My 2 Fav #libraryschool classes: Resources for Young Adults and Programming.
BEST, definitely.
no need to thank me :) its alright♥
Two new songs, almost done!
CA League of Conservation Voters is presenting district maps
Hey Ladd, Thank you for the follow :)
Happy to do so & thank you as well.
team iPhone #
My bid sheet looks like A Beautiful Mind!
Thanks for the follow; happy holidays!
"Friends" talking about sushi made me stop (Taro's) tonight.. Train Wreck, Mariiyn Monroll, Unagi. #sushi #typo :)
I'm not guilty of anything! Hahaha
#drake is my love
u should love one of my bff all other people just trie to get to u but she luvs the real u and shes12 ull see us
hey, I've been to her house! (I think so, anyway). #IsThatWhoIThinkItIs?
Wow...#FACT RT #Cancer's only get dressed because they have to.
#ewa2011 panel on #highered cuts. Jon Shure says US needs a political recovery not an Econ recovery.
youre the only person whos coverage of pretend rich morons with over-inflated egos () i enjoy. keep it up, please!
InsideView Sees More Efficient Sales Compensation Management with Xactly
Your lucky they didnt find it on you
come to church Sunday night!
That's exactly what she does too! Ahaha.
RT : Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them. - Hugh Miller
My grandson won me a down Packer jacket on ebay for just $25! It’s NWT (that means New With Tags). I can hardly believe my luck!
I hadn't used in 4 years. How has it not gotten better in that time? In welcome email hell.
Is a bomb considered "live"??? I didn't think so.
Heading to the show! Let's tear this shit up!
Morning everyone!! I cut my hair, exciting! was super cool. I miss you normal hair, I cut in a new place, very good.
#AtAGhettoWedding the groom takes off the bride's thong instead of her garder haha
Feels like it's been forever. Headed to the pub tonight.
Awww! Poor Flash! You feel cheated on. Too cute!
Good morning! Quite slow on the trian / meadowlands soaked in spring rain / everyone sleeping
Met a lady @ Toysrus w/5. She said w/the last 1, nurse asked if they all had the same father. ?!?!?! Sad.
RJ & The Assignment now has a station available on Pandora...thank u all 4 your support :-) Keep spreadin' the word ;-)
I'm waiting for James Franco to do drag.
Go to sleep at 2, wake up at 7, look like Alice Cooper - Welcome to my Nightmare style.
The NTF staff is worn out, but it's a good tired. Some gracious attendees at #nntc11. It looks like a record for Cincinnati.
only because I don't know you
v helpful, thx for link. Since we moved from PMBOK to agile we've also dropped the forms (gantt, charter, etc.)
Stop by and say hello. We're right across the street.
- Girl,why we are not yet familiar? -GOD PROTECTS YOU, STUPID CREATING!!!
All dressed up for prom...then--oops-watch what happens next on Thanks to producers and
We thought you and played great! RT “: They probably saw my performance at the media game.”
Stat of the night: Doug Collins hasn't won a playoff series since 1989. Really?
I think a little patience is in order on the "impact" thing. 1st class looks pretty weak, but since it's taken big step up.
no money my dude
definitely. Verbal constipation is a drag.
It's championship weekend!
Yep, it will still be there
this is my snack back off!
Careful study of the beach pics. That's the way to go.
Karaoke! Come in and sing to singles. Who knows you might just meet your Valentine.
How come nobody ever says "everything happens for a reason" after something good happens?
At Titos Tacos :)
idk? Oh & speaking of lee. A certain someone decided to text me & he was like. Oh btw. I still like u. W. t. F.
Work >.< this is going to be the longest day ever
bridesmaid dresses
yes the key is make it positive
The requirements to exceeding audience expectations are innovative, original, and unique ... innovative + original + unique = RISKY
I will definitely try Black Cherry next time Pick N Save has it's on #sale. Sounds Delicious!
Good Morning! I am going shopping with my GF today! yes i got one!!
Explains the process of finding #angelinvestors and that was their first #impactinvestor as a
Sweet! Every little bit of awareness helps!
You must come by and check it out! :)
Tina made the drinks ALOT strong so this chick is going to bed-oh hopefully around 7. Hope your day is GREAT!!!!!
Me, too! RT #IWannaSlap whoever started #OnlyFatPeople TT, may be we should build people up instead of breaking them down.
im happy with how things are going on
stop what..
Enjoying #salmon, Albacore tuna, & cod gives you omega-3 fatty acids, beneficial for healthy vision
Just heard that Heartland Institute is funded by Koch to further the "research" on climate change...by research I mean to undermine science.
maybe i need to move there?
I have a feeling on the last day of school..everyones tweets will be summer...!!!!! great
1356: You're gorgeous!! Tweet me sometime(:
And it's been awhile, since I could held my head up high.
thanks so much! I am about to bust with excitement.
Do you have a song that just drives you crazy everytime you hear it?
Great destresser sunroof open listening to and George Strait
The movement is begining....
hmm....im pretty tired :/ i want...some juice...today was pretty...bad....ah....Talk to me :DD
We've been gone far too long. Time to kick it into high gear. Stick around for big announcements & a great 2011 from Mildly Fearsome Films.
Hot coffee is brewing at Byrd! Come enjoy some with a cookie sample or two!
Ima beat that pussy up cuz shawty put me to the test
Just heard Todd and #Flames used in the same sentence. Don't. Just don't.
hehe! Fair enough. I do love math.
John Eager Howard died today on 1827. The MD born Howard was a Revolutionary War hero, 5th Governor of MD & a US Senator for his home state.
RT : - looking good. Nice work.
You know that 52 years from yesterday we are so getting crunk.
xo. Youre coming to the meet and greet?
Anything can (& apparently will) happen in 2012
CORRECTION: Marris' record
is in #Kentucky for the day touring #Louisville kicking off our latest KTDA project.
Can't wait to read next section of rewrites from ... his next book reads like a blockbuster!
Really wanna see the Illinois Best of Photojournalism gallery but none of the photos are loading. Any suggestions ?
Tonight at Honey Moon Tasting Room, The Spencetet, 8:30pm. No cover.
Last day going to all of my classes!
Watching Happy Birthday to Me for the first time - I'm hoping I can get over how much I disliked the first kill.
Pilates this morning. What are you doing today to feel great?
was listening to the Packer game. Jim Irwin sounds a bit different, but Max McGee is his usual self.
Exotic Animals To Be Returned To Owner&#39;s Widow
On this Saturday, I ask you to tell the world = who #GodIs and what is He to you?
Oregon Sports Authority CEO Drew Mahalic will be the guest tonight on Sports Sunday, on KGW TV right after Sunday Night Football...
Featured Artist Daisy Hicks on Talent Showcase Radio www.TalentShowcaseRadio watch the video Million Years
Are you watching #universalsports and the WC Super Combined coverage?!
It used to be so quiet over here
Some #eyecandy here but the band more than compensates for that.
are you okay? Well I guess not! What wrong??
please follow me i can be apart of your mara army :D
what is it?
Attended Campaign Finance Training Session offered by WV Sec of State today ... nope, just interested. I also watch C-SPAN ...
Good Night Twitter!! XO
My sons soccer team, Kometz - Colorado Fusion Soccer Club, is playing tonight @ the halftime of the DU vs UNLA Division 1 soccer game!
lol your redic, lol. We wouldn't have to have this beomance if some peeps weren't lesbians
Thanks for following Jim!
Never again. Screw youu
RT Per , top +K recipients Baseball are , , , and
Some of these ladies here in Forever21 are really, really reaching. It's like me shopping at The Speedo Outlet.
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes. Marcel Proust
I actually found a place today that I love. :-)
check your dms.
It feels so good to be home.. There is no place like it...
My eardrums have been John Bonham-ed...
I just saw a TEBOW FOR PRESIDENT bumper sticker. Jets colors. Former Broncos fan or always a Jets fan?
RAY. No slight intended. It was your list of her wonderful qualities that made me pay attention! You're a lucky man.
Bout to call this 410 number to see of she'll give me 's number... Ultimate win! Lmaooo!
prove them wrong!
I hate show mini vans to customers shit is so boring... my face be like its a fucking mini van fuck you want me to tell you? lol
REFUCKINGTWEET!!!! ": I hate shady people, especially when they're awkward about it."
Christie has no hear no soul but he does have a great: the television camera!
Playing new songs at the headlining gig this Friday! Also we'll have a second guitarist with us for the 1st time in three years! Come watch
Nice meeting you! Thanks for your advice, btw, I used it to go shopping yesterday!
Sorry, hon. We're trying to refinance which is less depressing but oh the home value is sad. ((hugs))
nm, read the article and see they're dumping Tebow
I'd pay you if I had the cash... do you take VISA?
North Carolina is a backward hellhole, but not alone. Most of U.S. has voted same way. Fundmamental rights should not be subject to vote.
i feel like this is i am legend and i am the dog okay
Agree, Marsha! It's crucial.
Wow. Glad you sent. I caught wind via another route - see next tweets.
Looking for great NYC mobile presenters for our event next week. Let us know if you're interested in presenting!
. believes in a consumer bill of rights, but what about the actual bill of rights? We need to reform
I am wired!!
Our Westside location is relocating! In the interim visit us at UPTOWN! northwest corner of louisiana and menaul!
No one ever misses me..
thank you love
RT Ian Solomon #M4R #transparency through open data transforming government
Tell me about it!
People with no imagination are the worst.
I wish it was like the past
One more thing, Bill. You aren't worthy of carrying Robert Reich's luggage.
Hopefully the skies clear this afternoon to get in a round of Golf
lol. The author was trying too hard to make uninteresting social media rhetoric "different". Hate that!
this game is lost. we look flat.
Air em out season..
#lemmeguess this is your first time
Let's be naughty and save Santa the trip. - Gary Allen
*crickets* RT Can anyone link me to an explanation of the thinking person's objection to gay marriage? I'm seriously at a loss here
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
Parker Drilling is cooperating w/DOJ & SEC with their investigation into possible FCPA violations, including ops in Kazakhstan & Nigeria.
I cannot express to you the panic I experienced when I followed UFC on fuel link. For a second I thought I missed the event
Er ... That should say *wouldn't*
Back in the Leaf Village, but I wil go back to the Sand Village soon. So tired :/
Shoutout to for being so accommodating with my traffic accident situation. U guys made my week much easier!
U were amazing as usual on NY Live. I love what you were wearing Mrs Sexy! Who were U wearing & where can I get one? LOVE you!
Don't worry be happy
#ABQgirlproblems I'm driving home tonight guy jumps out onto Louisiana and hurls a brick at my car. Call police they get him! #whodoesthat?
Need a new #fixie, but don't want to spend? Want to donate to your favorite cause? Look no further w/ on !...
that was Shakespeare, heard of him?! Course I have he's a famous pirate, btw its shakesbeard
Older people shouldn't eat health food, they need all the preservatives they can get
#DogTheBountyHunter I love my Leland!!!<3
I'm sleepy, but I can't sleep.
Any word on if is coming back together yet?
Hey I seen ya earlier conversation, yo we on tv today doe, it's not one of them online games only
natural > fake
My story on is on page 8 of the today. Check it out in print.
Ooh, and don't forget your admission ticket!!
Teen witch!!
I do it all the time. Unfortunately that means my name is "Jessuca"
Lessons from FIN- have adventures, come home and love somebody.
is busy remodeling my office and design space.
don't wanna go to school tomorrow at all. :/
I found it insightful (especially the powerlessness section; that plays out frequently between all kinds of people, I think). 1/2
I confirmed that you do in fact rank #1 on Google for your first name :) Great to hang out with you in San Diego!
Welcome our newest members to the Milwaukee Chapter! Alfa Bumhira,Kathy Orr, and Stephen Adams! Join us at the next event www.nbmbaamilw.org
don't forget my question, and answer! Good night dear, And Merry Christmas to you and your family In Daegu,
o you don't say whom? haha! Thanks Terry, you always make my day!
I just passed u. ;) have a good day at work. Love u roomie
Yes people I am GRINDIN HARD PUSHIN IT TO THE LIMIT OH IT'S GOING DOWN BECAUSE I'M FALLING UP!!!!!!!
Just saw Breaking Dawn :)
#imagine you are at this party and you are dancing when Harry comes from behind u and pulls u closer to his body and you have a dirty dance
Anyone do photography? needs new photos :)
"All he knows is highways and brokenhearts"
Great night of Boot Camp! I couldn't ask for a better group. You guys crush it everytime! Your success stories are going to be AMAZING!
Indeed they are. And one less follower- me.
If twitter isn't a drug then someone please explain to me why I sneak into the bathroom at work to use it
#ShoutOut to Coral Rose Radio!
please do add me to the #digitalhumanities list! Thanks!
been out the game for a minute but im finna jump back in
They ain't abt that life
Man I look excellent today #lovemeorhatemeitsstillanobsession #yourewelcomedetroit for me looking so good
McDonalds thugs ☝☝I was in line first.
that's a good one too.
Damn my highschool is seriously 10x nicer than the college I go to lol
Its really no new feeling when your being ditched
#aaasmtg Cornelia Dean says science journalists are not interested in reporting on grants, promotions and all but the top awards.
How was i suppose to know a nigga that makes gogo. Shit aint mainstream. -_- let that man rest.
are you coming?
Proverbs 15:28 The heart of the godly thinks carefully before speaking; the mouth of the wicked overflows with evil words.
Henry Gates is a racist black male. So is Obama. Figures they are friends. What is Rev Wright's stand on the issue?
How can one promote cosmopolitanism and universality while honoring particularity and distinct traditions?
There is a random shoe in the middle of the freeway.
Don't clean without me!!! >:(
life sucks
"Angry black man day" today...I swear...sometimes I don't think people really understand how that works. We still get mad about that BS.
The Stage is up at Edgefield, the 1st concert is this weekend! Come have a pre-concert meeting, lunch or dinner before heading to the show!
Bob Bradley dismissed as U.S. men%27s soccer national team coach - ESPN http%3A%2F%2Fes.pn%2Fo2hish
Hello Palm Springs.
S/o to look forward to working w/ u love :)
follow me on get glue Please
hahaha I think you just stumbled across the Herald's new side venture
I b quiet but when he leave I b talking again.. Lol
follow me luv. new page
I miss YOUR beautiful face baby!
aw #stonerkarmareps = no search results :(
Rolle contract signed and sealed with Eagles RT : Lets go.Thanks to Andy and Nate at Players Rep.Now I can get to work
woke up listen to that nigga 2pac........
Just tapped Ace Berry Cider.
LMAO I'd have to give u directs to my face.
I can think of a "real" reason for this and a "trolling" reason, and after consideration I like the trolling reason better
it was great seeing landaw ... result sucked ass.
Photos: Janet Jackson – Oprah &amp; Stedman – Martin Lawrence &amp; Don B. Welch
He saw the BEST in me , when everyone else saw the WORST in me -God
Just tapped, Bear Republic Racer 5 IPA (replaces Organic IPA) FYI: Tuesday Growler Smack Down Night
Proof is in the vino <- new catch phrase.
Big range in libraries! "designer won't let me show teens fabric samples" <-> 100 teens plan space w/ architects
its a new era of transparency, right?
my ears popped & it made me drop my phone onto a metal grate and the noise scared
Walking to get to soriano.
he just started, he's got a lot of cleaning up to do not to mention we're in a recession
Ideas for what to do in DC today?
The quarter hasn't even started and I've already got readings and assignments!
A big thanks to for playing songs from our NEW EP!! Thanks!!
Glad to have you on board! RT : yes yes yes!!! can't wait for the fall. Looking forward to starting
Trucks are at Seminole Hard Rock tonight till 10.
same happens to me! Tilted me pretty hard
alright i put it in the video (:
This is just a test.
thank you so much! Thanks for letting us feed you!
I don't care how your workout was today.
glad you made it home...Spidey misses Jordini. You can come back if you want to look at a pretty tree!
LIAM WHATEVER YOU DO... DO NOT HAVE YOUR TWITCAM WHILE I AM AT SCHOOL!
All molesters should be castrated and there should be cameras at every school in every classroom #ProtectOurKids - XavierLT.com
SCANNER: Car has struck the bridge under the off-ramp of eastbound I-70 at Colfax. Rescuers en route.
Don't think I'm sliding through the hood today, to hot,roll this loud up and watch movies for the rest of today
Putting together an 8 page study guide and flash cards in 3.5 hrs and not retaining any of this information
I wish had almond milk...and original (not vanilla like the soy they use)...
Marta plays for Buffalo. No way they were going to win.
Glad I get to go a whole day without changing into a gym uniform
Dreams are extremely important. You can't do it unless you imagine it ~ George Lucas
trying to figure out a good storyline for Emily Brown's music video "somewhere"... it is going to be amazing!
What have I accomplished today...ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!! And yes, I enjoyed every minute of it!
so, who are you?!
Thanks! I'll have to check that out!
Good Morning & Happy Thursday Everyone
I try but it sounds so gay dude.. And it hurts
happy born this day :)
RIP Adam Yauch
oh well i didnt see it and if you look at his page hes fighting off haters too.
I wish I had more money so I could buy cuter work clothes
I have the same problem.
#POTUS Did an amazing job. Loved his ideas for #EducationReform #CleanEnergy #InsiderTrading. Best #SOTU. Congress must act!
I've had terrible luck with two different radio transmitters, though they were both crappy brands. A line-in worked the best.
Im a fake Christian. Those scriptures he used has absolutley nothing to do with anything we were talking about
can't believe my marathon is in 5 days. Holy rubber legs Batman!
freshly pureed peaches... loved them!
Doh, burned the toast. REDO!
That Awkward Moment when a GPS tells a gay person to go straight.
It's not nice to make me snort water out my nose! Now THAT was funny
Michel was most recently the Execuitve Director of the Boone County Learning Network. Welcome to the team, Michele!
Hahaha, my read too #greatminds RT : I think it's I dont like talking to you on the weekends.
I'm so mad I couldn't make the game!! :(
jealous would be understatement. Glad to hear you're keeping it classy, though.
A dolla make me holla honey boo boo child
Does swopshire still get kicked off the team next year if he wins this game for UL?
please for the sake of mankind don't reproduce.
aw ariana grande is so pretty!!!
are you staying at the one right by the antique mall ?
How are ya been doing today?
Watching Looney Toons puts my in a great mood!!
still waiting....but i live in nyc. i think everyone south got them first.
Not sure but I think sponge cake may use yolks.
but Parfit's Triple Theory was touted as a candidate for a second Copernican Revolution? I guess I'll fall back to theory_(string).
Lesbian sisters are never the best with fashion advice. *ahem*
what do you want
he was helping me make tape wallets... lol
Since summer went by so fast I hope school goes by just as fast! :)
#JustGetOverIt not all companies are out to hurt you, look at us all we want to do is help.
Finished next album! Heading back to studio to mix and master next week. More details to come... #HappyFriday!
What a coward....LOL!!
that's what's up, really hott get at me.
It's a day! First Men In Black and now Independence Day :)
#itsabeautifulworldbecause I'm in it. You're welcome
Tune in to 1340am on the COACH COOK RADIO SHOW, Aaron Davis from Hillsborough Title will join Coach live in studio!
1DAY. Rehearsal was so intense and amazing tonight.
: who is dh for the yanks? Ibanez? They are going to rotate
hey will you send me that radio email? time for Bald Faced Condescension to become a reality...
haha I sure will, better show me around!
Give em a follow
follow yuur shoulder?):
adventurous journey took them places of magic wonderment. Amar Ayar’s Zanbeel an endless pit of stories of wonderland, magic and fantasy.
Less than 2 days until #CulturalCrawl 2012 kicks off! We can't wait.
My Mom Called Me n said the show she went to I gave her the tix for was great. *THE GOOD SON*
I think I want to learn more about her :)
Sorry to everybody for the DM crap, I was hacked & if you clicked on it, you probably got hacked too :(
Yeah the other spot was in Ambridge. Once that's up and running (months from now) they'll start looking in Moon again :(
couldn't put that book down this summer!
Get Social. Make Money. 9920azsocial.weebly.com
we almost went there....love that place too! You guys still hanging out?
nice seeing you at Harbor House tonight. Thanks for stopping by!
omg story of my life!!
I love :) lol and her whole #ERedCarpet outfit and hair is juss amazing
Its better to own the racecourse then the race horse – Unknown
We found love?!
thank you...its been a long day....
morning twitterville! everyone doing ok this morning?
Strange that wants to oust a guy who wants an independent review of its finances. Someone doth protest too much.
ok first question was that your mom who walked through the door
to all my beloved followers no words can appreciate ur help in promoting my Florida thriller "PYTHON" 7.89 AMAZON
Gonna try and watch a bunch of dem superhero movies tonightt. Preavengers
Watch Out For Rockets tonite! Outside 8:30P with The Calm Blue Sea, The White White Lights and The Couch
Back in the gym working out after months!!!!
would like to have our meeting...whats your schedule?
I bet you've never heard of the separation between Church & State, right? The church should not influence civil issues.
"Life Inside The Jamie Dimon Bubble" #huffpost There's no unemployment, everyone I know is a millionaire, we don't need Fed regulation. . .
do u have a instgram??? :0
We're at Blue Nile tonight with special guests Topaz and the Dirty Dozen Horns...show starts at 10pm don't miss it!
love that place!
When he calls just to say he misses you >> Made my night just a litttleee better.
Ever watched "An Affair to Remember" with Cary Grant & Deborah Kerr? One of my favs. Gets me every time.
Beer exchange? I'll send you some of the newest NM beer if you send me a couple of those!
yes it goes to the Jordan mills foundation which then goes directly into my bank account
thank you!
Someone at GSLI finally had an answer instead of sending me on a goose chase!!
I live in a town everyone claims to hate, but yet they never leave.
Good Morning!! God Is Good
SO sorry for not getting back to you sooner! We are always looking for talent! We will keep in touch with you!
Happy Monday everyone! Start ur week off right w/ a coupon for a free medium Fry & Medium Soft Drink w/ purchase of any Angus Burger!
been good here! :) finishing up my script and going to write a short story for the LGBT to benefit the NOH8 campaign!
I've got soul but I'm not a solider.
i think i failed the SOL!
-- yes, I'd include Smalltalk and Scheme, w/ch were "siliconized" a couple decades ago, but good candidates today too.
Interns smell.
most, though not all, were probably already dead. IRS revoked their np status en masse for nonfiling.
I'll be riding through my old hood but I'm in the new whip same old attitude but I'm on some new shit
Sounds like Bing hired one of the co-founders of Cuil, which was a "cool," but poorly marketed, concept of former Googlites .
On a whim, I started reading Peter Drucker's "Adventures of a Bystander." Both charming and fascinating.
Happy birth-day to - Brandon Uttley's new shop. I'm sure it will be a huge success.
Music is what keeps me sane.
thanks for the RT via ... Have a great weekend! :)
Simpsonizers/Angels we need to #SoListen #1 on ! RT so we can get it #1!
Love it! #bollywood from nowhere on #nbcsmash #risky ...actually ... it worked! :)
Q3 via : What's the best technique for getting a dorm buddy to stop snoring?
#get2philly clap.clap. clap clap clap
Thank you and sure you can.
U have a beautiful day as well, U dancing queen. Lol Xo :)
miss you two more <3
Go #Dodgers!!! :DD
#Taurus bishhhh our season
why on earth is blasting the A/C full blast? It's cold outside; I am dying here. This is not helping me not feel under the weather.
please follow me <3 I love you..
Good deal. Morricone is always in my regular rotation. Ayeeayeeaahhhhhh, whuhwhuhhwuhhhhh.
Kindle edition of a book more expensive than a new print edition of a book... WTF!?
Mr Ross wouldn't dare score on you would he??
back at ya!!!
About to work out.
Just bought tickets to see Tim Minchin (again!) at the Vic in Chicago this week. He's brilliant - really looking forward to it.
download your copy today....... ---www.lulu.com ---www.justwasntmytime.bigcartel.com.. ALL DOWNLOADS ONLY $4.99 JUST WASNT MY TIME
I love creating music. Last nights rehearsal with BrownRiceFamily was an amazing feeling. Okai Haiti
In this life I am responsible to people not for people cause we all have 2 fulfilled our missions & fully bloomed ourselves from weeds.
To a true innovator. The world wasn't the same when u were here and it won't be now that ur not. RIP Steve Jobs.
It is ridiculous that Ohio State suspended football coach Jim Tressel for only 2 games. I guess all that matters to OSU is you beat Michigan
what up bro. How's things
Follow some of our new organizing crew: , , & Or meet them tonite at Killingsworth Lucky Lab, 7p.
Bout to get this shape up, go home pack for an hour take a nap til 7:30 then il b up n ready for the night
Bon voyage, Paul! Say hello to the old country & eat some Jacob's cream crackers for me. Had an odd craving for them last night.
Happy Friday the 13th! Does that mean I need to watch a scary movie tonight? Hmm
Don't look now, but you-know-who is following you. Hope you and Andrew are well!
You ready for the playoffs? Bulls are taking the East, I can feel it.
my stomach is growling like an angry bear. this class needs to be over
Hey, thanks for the shout out :]
It's not always easy and sometimes life can be deceiving but I'll tell you one thing, it's so much better when we're together. #jackjohnson❤
agree! What's next on the big board to cross off the list? Museums, audience & the future...it's more than a work in progress.
Have yo already signed up for Draftstreet before? That would be the only hold up. If so, I can have them connect with you
Let that shit BURN!
Holler! Gotta hit up #Chaps in the morning! Have you gone to #raw yet?
FEATURE-Switzerland, the land that time begot
Planning to go back at the end of the month. This time for lunch!
I have two tracking numbers!!!
If your feelin Wiz's music-check out this Pittsburgh artist Young Bravo www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1
Fear blocks change
#FF <3 to , great guys, great music! Check them out!! (:
you have to start somewhere
sorry didn't get chance to say more than ' hi ' tonight. I was conversing with someone who didn't speak English ! speak 2morrow
I didn't say you were right, I only said I might be wrong...
kk im alredy following her now make jb follow me
Travis Smith Jussi Tuomi Joshua Martin Antonio Thompson Lian West Alexander Taylor LOSING GROUND LAUNCH T-MInus 24 hours!
good one
Christopher Munch's Letters from the Big Man tonight at LAFF. Salaam Dunk if i can get out of my office in time.
I hate the term BABY DADDY.
Happy birthday, Jenna!
Yo I was sleeping so fucking comfortable really?
I just watched the PM kindergarten teacher put out 5 fires in 2 minutes. She's a kid ninja!
Cleaning house.....in a totally delirious mood
working a new song. Loopin' up a storm.
RT : Service between #Newark and #WTC operating with a 15-minute delay due to signal problems.
Going home and going to sleep💤💤💤💤
It's Wednesday you know what that means, time to plan for the weekend! What's your plans? Where should we go???
Hipster girls shake your ass
RT : This pint of Guinness is not only delicious... Also contains 10% of your daily requirement of Guinness.
I put on a smile, but on the inside I'm dying.
AKA, the Abe Vigoda of the opera world?
I absolutely hate animal print prom dresses
"Soon we may live in a world where the only people opposed to gay marriage will be gay people who are married." -Craig Ferguson 5/9/12
Idk why I'm pretending like I'm really going to stay up to watch this hole game lol
Blunt ... Breakfast
#NP What Makes You Beautiful by #MASHUP What does everyone think of this up and coming boy band? Better than BSB/N*SYNC?
#lgovsm thanks (not sure about the leading bit when I keep forgetting the hashtag)!!
RT : SM can have humanizing ability to reconnect our community to our representatives.
Think, "Determine the thing that can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way" -Abraham Lincoln and go to www.IamINC.biz
she is still a heroine.
this airport feels like my second apartment
Goin fishing friday!
: says there's a heat wave headed our way. You know what that means: Beach time!!
I know how you feel. :/
"They re going bonkers in Missoula." Love Big Sky confer. Championship. MT well represented.
At the hotel breakfast, guy told me his sister was "high full lutin" because she says Vase and not vase
NEW YEAR! NEW SALE! 50% off select TIGI make-up, Including lipsticks + eye shadows. Come in quick before they're all gone!
People should not have rush requests or problems on a Friday afternoon. Glad I got some pondering time in earlier.
RT - I know when my Cleveland Indians get back to the World Series and have a chance to close it out I WILL be there to...
": Kissing a girl on the cheek(good) kissing girl in the mouth (awesome) Kissing girl in front of her ex (boss)"
we're probably driving side by side on NYS Thruway. Of course this is a rest stop tweet:) before the Tap
Oh yeah twitter - I forgot about you
Be clear on social media if you're getting into advocacy
my name is Javier i am a faclity and school bus driver so im a doer too!
looking intently! Lolol
Country Boy tomorrow! Whee!
Haha, I like yours. :) my actual shield will just be an outline of a huge owl. :o
wut other options do da fins have to bounce?
": ": " can't even touch this" ;) -- Words of "U dang rite." Haha. That was hilarious!
terribly stretch for philly sports. maybe the 76ers will announce another iverson comeback tomorrow?
This was Skype. I think you added the lavendergirl68 one as well.
It is the birthday of J. M Barrie, author of Peter Pan. For a semester, I lived just down the street from his London house.
why are you leaving wednesday?!?!
Wardrobe change... Cuz it's TOO HOT out!!!!! WooHooo!
Just saw this! Here u go & good luck! :o) 7:30a cloudy (possible fog/mist), 56 degrees, light wind 5 mph.
Congratulations Maggie! Or should I say Dr. Margaret Carr Griffith Williams?!
DIRTY JOKE CONTEST Submit your best dirty joke and win $50. Tweet your joke to & follow. 1 winner per mo. Prize:$50 VISA card
Congrats! RT : And the winner of my giveaway is...Comment #27 from Alana !
Dodge dip duck dive and dodge
Why did I do that..
I love one direction
Thanks, Scott. Those are definitely good leads - all promising organizations.
Sitting in the the suburban imaging office w/my gf & I'm so disappointed in the WAY overweight staff! PUT THE FORK DOWN!
#middlefingerup to society for having healthy foods 3 times more expensive than fat foods
Tonight! Our first show in Cleveland featuring a special guest + performances by Pictora and Parallels. Starts at 10 p.m. sharp @ Happy Dog!
Watching The BET Awards!
#millionhoodiemarch just saw 3 vans full of cops headed toward the march - after the police bus. careful y'all.
FUCK One Direction
aw that does suck:(
Eyes are gettin' heavier.
Fellas, make sure the girl finishes before you do. ~
sounding good dude I added some dub ;) I'll send you a link later tonight
Thanks so much for the follow.
Thanks for your help you know who u are and I definitely know what to do with myself now
#smx #1a1 Partner with parallel brands on FB to drive traffic to your page. Make viral content.
I just saw an enormous head near the
it's so cool :3
My parents aren't letting me go today, because my car cannot even leave the driveway.
Whoa, this is an interesting (and wickedly smart) alliance -- Microsoft, AOL, Yahoo! Combine Advertising to Fight Google, Facebook, Christi…
Hmm...yes. Depends on the help they/you need I guess. There are def advantages to NP status. Can't wait till we discuss face2face
Tonight was AMAZING!
Bill Bauman (Art of Love summit) says that his wife of 43 years, Donna, 'exudes the utter gorgeousness of life.' Nice! ~mariageminded~
me & my siblings made an awesome breakfast for mom. we brought it to her. my sister leaned over; SPILLED EVERYTHING. happy mothers day..? :)
Sugarfree Blue Raspberry on the menu for a limited time!
what a week !
Sharon Giesfeldt Van Ruiswyk does ORAGAMI at the Jazz Gallery, and Sue Browne BOMBS the outside with YARN. How on Earth can you miss that?!
that guy with the dreads fine as hell
I apologize to all my friends as we are greatly slacking on bringing you all the latest in #Vinylmation news and rumors. It's been crazy!
freshly squeezed
Thanks! I'm thinking of taking a day trip down to San Diego soon. We'll have to meet up :)
So excited to be a goth cheerleader in the weird al yankovic concert at Warner theater tonight! I mean not excited. Whatever. I don't care.
wait are they only staying for the weekend?!
"Don't make me hit you with my pocketbook."
you're pretty.
Napa? Nice, me and my ex did a tequila tasting in Mex. She got hammered, punched me in the face & flew home.
Today was the best day ever we had so much fun!!!
can I buy you lunch today in sf? Message me if you do not have plans. I am at market and new Montgomery.
Give us a shout if you got your lucky bean today. #St.Joseph'sDay
I am going to get copied in on multiple things, u probably won't sleep until 4am, & if u stop tweeting, call 911...got it.
An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools.
o! #like I've had smorgasbord today. Like templeton from charlottes web.
I just remember I had a HUGE test that's worth like 50 million percent of my grade, tomorrow. And I thought I was next week!
confession...it has been MONTHS since my last pin.
Google's new organic algorithms have really given SEO only practioners a reason to consider a new profession. Score: Google 1 & SEO Firms 0
"Trust your Heart" To Uyen Nguyen, "Even if..." Nowen, "Spaghetti and Fish Paste" Bonzai, "Monalisa’s Smile" Rea, "Right Place" Miyoba ^_^
hello sir.
I know I would! Yeah Kahlua is so sweet, it is easy to get sick on it. But oh man that looks good!
Where do we go from here?
Eww RT : Kobe has gastro enteritis. Not at shootaround. Lakers say they'll update us tonight. I'm guessing he plays.
I'm here!!
We are running a promotion through the end of March 50% off
Ricky smiley tryna prank call me
apparently your not allowed to have problems unless your a starving african child.
NOTHING'S FINE WE'RE CORN! ;D hahaha
Can't wait till PLL comes back on so I can have PLL date days with lmao.
On dinner break down to 13.k 200 400 50 running like death!
Agree wholeheartedly! Good luck :) RT : they're lucky to get you! congrats!
All bark and no bite
Well Britney's name outshines Demi's entire career so let's not go there.
I want to go swimming.
Tell my butt that, my but may argue with me, I checked it... A little dimply but still is ok. Mental note: Eath Banana and Apple on Thursday
☼ Try not to have a good time...this is supposed to be educational. Charles M. Schulz
Another EXCELLENT win from the #Astros tonight!!!
Happy Fat Tuesday! Our Rib Tips are calling your name today, 1lb for only $8.99! Come and get them while they're hot!!
Quick fact: In 2008, African-American women had the highest voter turnout rate (68.8%) - a first for the nation.
whuut a day, what a day ! i had a pizza about the size of my upper body *giggles*
Maybe her grandma was legitimately run over by a reindeer, and she's keeping the memory alive, you monster.
That's Cool! :) I Can't Seem To Find Anyothers That Live In Denver. POOWY! Have You Found AnyOther People On Twitter From Au ...
Modify the GTS, grab 'em by the head from behind and pull them down on your planted knee. You can call it ICT: It's Concussion Time.
yeah Ik!!! He's making wrong decisions
where is she?
Ugh! Off 2 a late start this morning .... Good thing I make my own time :-) Morning Tweeps!!!
I wish I was beautiful...
Plus, if we're going to be sticklers for proper dress, the orchestra shouldn't be wearing tuxes for an afternoon concert.
#Vikings CB Antoine Winfield expected to miss the remainder of the season with a broken collarbone
Late night Happy Hour is from 10:00-11:00PM! See if you can set a new high score in Donkey Kong while enjoying a slushy margarita
Recent news media polls and interviews with citizens show the majority of Detroiters want the restructuring to responsibly take place.
KY Jelly, etc. Air, etc.
Love you guys! The show totally rocks! Let me know how I can get the word out cuz EVERYONE in VO needs "A Little Buzz" each wk
Some people want it to happen. Some people wish it would happen. Others make it happen
It's Not True That You Are Getting Married
I just love to clean my room on a Monday morning!
With a journalism degree I can probably teach you to spell better than the other haha.
We finished a lot of gloves for the designers for Fashion Week. I wish them all much sucess and never give up on your dreams.
Happy Halloween from Family Roots Travel. Be safe!
yes indeed !!!!
Thank you
Thanks to Top Hat for the M & M's.
It is the part of a good shepherd to shear his flock, not to skin it. - Proverb
#20factsaboutme 5. My natural hair color is blonde.
Very, very strange feeling today. Not sure what that means but gut says it's the calm before the storm.
Procrastination can be your worst enemy
JDOT PR GENIUS, GETTING IT OUT THERE, ROCKING MALACHI RIVERS 1ST OFFICIAL DEBUT SINGLE "LOVE & MUSIC" IT'S REALLY HOT! CHECK IT OUT !
Haha nice same neighborhood as me. Let me know when you move.
The kind that take place over a beer at the bar next door to the theater.
Mother's Day photos? Instagram them with hashtag
Yeah I bought tickets with friends but apparently the pit seats are free with admission to the fair. -__-
Yeah it just doesn't assume me like it did before. Lol! Nahh!
Meh. Close enough. Just make sure you leave some extra blankets out for them.
HUGE snowflakes!!!!!
at least we can agree on one thing. Fuck ND.
sorry we couldn't even get you 1,000 followers! Pathetic I know. Tried my best though :-)
It took until May 8th for Miller Park roof to be open for a game. Yet, the have managed to play how many games at Wrigley ?
Is Jenga one of the Hunger Games?
Crazy Friday
The 'Saw' button is great!
Google Penguin Update: Don't Forget About Duplicate Content - WebProNews
I see a survey crew on GA Hwy 264 Bethany Church Rd. Maybe sidewalks to Hwy 78? Thank you Gwinnett Co.!
omg i just realized who u were ! R u still teaching at champion ? :)
Finally the sun is shining... Welcome back summer! =)
I'm just trying to make it through these last couple weeks of school
when a #NOBODY tries dissing ...the fuck you thinking?
Talking trash about facebook *right now*.
You got this fo sho! #perfectscore Can you sell me some points?
#WorstChatUpLines "If you were a transformer, you'd be optimus fine."
RT : you are cray cray lol<Besides being a Vandal...what's been up with you?
Gotta give #Bengals credit 4 1 thing...20 yrs of consistent football. Won't be fan again until the Browns sell the team.
i even found an iphone charger. tf? i dont even have an iphone. lol anyone need an extra iphone charger? haha
I wish everybody could think like u lol RT : If your wit me then your wit me...I dnt share my girl
So my #allergies are freakin killing me today -_- cant breathe! And my eyes are watery.
When you have meat on your bun, you can serve it.
Blue valentine <3
Hey Cutie(; Our Tickets Get Out At 10 For Your Concert! :D Me & My Bestfriend Wish We Could Go, But We're Far
His wife is here. Classic old couple.
You have to do the Saltiness crackers challenge! says so!
We just recieved the nicest letters from our many of our readers! Thank you for all the kind words!!
#GetAustinToTheTop10 help me
actual set top box competition? While you're dreaming, can I have a pony? Oh, and a double rainbow please.
My mom got me shoes :D I love newyork
#Lin Ninja Spin in the lane!!!
the "booyah" is part of the inline comment!
+1 RT #SupportingDH was best panel so far at #dlfforum. Pat yourselves on the back, Emory and NYU folks!
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Last day of dog sitting..back to the tin can tomorrow
follow follow following
#np Make It With You- BREAD
this will for sure be the longest 8 days ever!! The waiting is the hardest part!!!
Thank you. RT “: Thank you”
yup I'm kinda glad I missed u! I've missed u guys =)
iPhone Apps - REVIEWED - Live right now - another fine and dandy episode of www.iphoneslutz.com -
Sure when is it?
that's a trend I like to see.
Personal memo: I have got to check Nelnet and G. Lakes about loans.
I think I'm done gloating for tonight. Yeah, I'm good. Night, everybody!
Has a college basketball team ever forfeited? Because, um, Marquette...
it was the matchup.
I'm Hungry >_<
Email of the year.
You did great tonight. You were amazing. I wished u got slimed though.
Just returned from Chicago after completing the YMCA's CEO Institute program. Met a group of other amazing YMCA CEOs and facilitators/prese…
One is in the works, :)) Thank you for asking. We will hopefully be announcing it soon!
whoa I don't take notes for myself lol
our pleasure! A visit to the Playhouse is key to the best Night Out! Ch 411 on-demand
You can follow me at my personal account for all giant baby updates.
Doesn't Santa come in December??
Dolly Parton at the bowl. Yep.
I fricken hate my life so much. I wish it was easy.
Spent the day in KC with & Started the day with a Bocce match at KC Bocce Club followed by 's BBQ Crawl
Everywhere I look I see similarities of you.
thanks for the wrangler shot out!
RT RT : Databases arent cheap but FREE at library!
Lines moving quick lol get your tickets and get out
My lil man scored a 200 on his advance math entrance exam, way to go lil man (Jarius)
Women want to give that special, spicy gift to their sweethearts, but shooting w/ OSP also gives them a more empowered sense of self.
And once again.. A little too short a little too late.
just wanted to give you a heads up that salesmen are completely unhelpful
It's Valentine's Day? I'd rather celebrate Taco Tuesday.
I've been following a former derby girl all this time and I didn't know it? I went on Saturday (first time) and it was INCREDIBLE!
Twitter is just a big game of "is it racist"
:) i LOVE wwe , ive been a fan a long time. my favorite is santino lmao, andd Kofi Kingston. those are just right now of course
Absolutely agree RT : #Goldrush narrator is a little too dramatic tonight. Still my favorite Friday night show : )
Maybe she just has a gas-station fetish?
by me!
lol. I'm imaging the resume literally says "recurring role on major show." training: "studied a lot w/ best teacher ever."
Will someone not be with their significant other or not be 21 with me?
The Marx Bros. Duck Soup is lol hilarious! So many great jokes! Anyone know why it's called that? Is it the scene when they all look alike?
On the way to hear #ofmontreal and #deerhoof at the wiltern. Unbelievably stoked to for both. Hoping to hear some "Friend Opportunity!"
yeah what's going on?
And that did a large part in what transpired at the end
50% sold out? Going all #wwdc on us, eh?
This week and I will be recording about films that are better than the books/short stories they are based on. Any suggestions?
MVP is dedicated to perfecting the art of personalized service and accommodating guest at multiple Casino Resort Hotels
PaTiEnTLy waiting 4 the weEkeNd to CoMe...! "oO0oOhHh u jUsT dOn't kN0w...!" lol
u teasin now
New job for Counsell / draft small utility men / future Billy Beane?
I did send a request to #followback :) :) :)
Balancing work, family, kids and women's issue is a hot topic in today's forum.
"60% of Americans do not pay any Federal Taxes."
I will do that (: , you know what it is !! RT : im feeling real SoSoDef tonight so check out the videos im posting
At the JFK leaving for New Orleans
Did I just hear play "Smooth Criminal" to intro Ryan Braun? Ha!
I will miss Rowan Williams as Archbishop but hope he will now have more time to devote to his poetry and literary criticism.
Just received a calendar invitation to attend an oil change in Bangkok.
#YouCuteAndAllBut Yo feet Look Like FACE !!!
a new week to embrace! SING!
Students hate paying so much for textbooks they end up not reading anyway.
How to Make the Most of Your Compulsive Choice to Buy Rocket Italian.
I used to only Imagine what would happen for me..Till I learned I only had to Believe!!!
I highly doubt it. Guess I'll find out...haha.
Ball Game!!!!!!! Tribe rolls on with 6-3 win over the defending A.L. Champs
New song today!
Alice in Wonderland is absolutely gorgeous, yet completely Tim Burton. A must see in 3D and a captivating trip from end to end.
Gary Thadani~ Never Never Never Say NEVER
Had a good day today, praying and thinking about the church!
why has the times sq 1,2,3 station smelled like vomit the last month and a half? I can't be the only one complaining.
Such tolerance! MT Thanks for the retweet you pussy-whipped retard ...
true the song is fine just not a good Friday song.
I'd say someone from Bastop might be most deserving!
I was wondering abt that today. Glad you are moving ahead. RT Just ordered the big part for my boat.
"You are the music while the music lasts." T.S. Eliot
A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool. William Shakespeare
Thanks for being a faithful listener!
If you use the #engl2393 hastag, I'll have a better chance of seeing it!
ha! I'll take that. It's just one of those movies that you can't help but love to quote. Just like Anchorman.
#WhyILoveSummer gettin my mexican tan on
If Santorum becomes president, I'm moving to Africa.
I wish she STFU wit all them damn questions
I challenge you to go outside, find the moon, and tell me last nights was a "super moon"! It looks amazing right now!
I missed it !
Guys! I'm so sorry for the interruption in tweeting the Rampage game for y'all. My laptop died and couldn't find charger. Sry :o
After a day that was positively hell, I'm here in heaven with my best girls...and tequila.
practice was fun :)
I'm at Moxie theater waiting for the cutain to go up on a fantastic new season!
& I are living under the authority of King Jesus - fanatical #faith? ABSOLUTELY!
Can't argue with ya, Chris :) RT You guys? "As every smart person knows, it's #usguys" #TGIF & ^5s all around
It was nice to meet you - again, thanks for your feedback.
#ripple about to present at
Gosh I've been so distant from my boyfriend :(
it's not a secret tho they stick out like terry crews biceps
Steve Novak manningface?
Very excited after reading about Chicago's plans for unveiling a 5,000 bike, 500 station bicycle-sharing rental program next summer
Lucky to find one? What a haul!
Thank you!!
"The problem we have in America is that there is no sense of urgency when we look at this problem." Call to action
WHAT AM I DOING TONITE?! #MARATHON #DEXTER ALL NIGHT :) :) :)
Landed #L'Enfant. PIERRE is parked 7th and almost closer to Independence st few step further than usual.
#highschoolmemories Regionals in cross country my senior year...
last in there divisions # Bearsstillsuck
Thank you for looking! Glad you enjoy the art work.
. is such a nice guy, he will RT anything you ask. Please RT.
UrgiCare in Brook Park is a joke. These people move slower then molasses up hill in the middle on Janurary in Antartica
most awesome dude ever. Needs the good, the bad and the ugly theme though.
spend too much time online? spend some time @ our place, check us out! david
oh i thought you went tanning...
RT "Sex, Power & Speaking Truth: Anita Hill 20 Years Later," on Sat, Oct 15 in #NYC, Anita Hill to keynote!
absolutely dear!
Some of the people in the Experts Mock I'm doing would not be very good General Managers in real life
When I find out who is pranking my phone with CAT FACTS SPAM...I will slap them with a can of real spam!
do it!
I feel like there is a really good lesson to be found in Deborah Guarino's "Is Your Mama a Llama?" (one of my childhood favs)
I think it really depends on how you look at it. Nobody is proven, but what if the Chiefs like most of the dev. guys?
bo... lol im going tomorrow night
dont worry, i wont date him :p ~Devin.Anne<3
I should be studying, but I get distracted too easily. x)
The website is coming out real nice! Coming out next week we promise!
Email bro!
my next song a freestyle called atom bombs
give thanks for this, my sister. 1love
Hey douchebag I haven't seen you in so long, I forgot what you look like...expect that your bald. That I'll never forget.
The Members First slate is the only one w/candidates and supporters who have physically assisted IBT organizers for a win this decade. VOTE.
#Celiac #disease can show up #late In life like a 70 year old #woman with delayed #diagnosis htpp://on.thec-l.com/ICdlIp via
Gah I can't wait to watch it! RT : no way.. #greys .. ridiculous ending
In touch with the ground, I'm on the hunt I'm after you.
i gotta send out a BIG ASS congrats to mi hermana on her graduation last night. very proud lil sis!!!!!
Oh my, is that why your little icon is so sad? Isn't she usually smiling? Puppy parade sounds wonderful.
o-o you just told everyone :(
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Goodbye Yellow Brick Road '73 Sir Elton John
what kind of "evil" are we talking about and why?
Announcing our 2011 LOTION PROMOTION! Stop in today, mention this ad, and ask a sales associate for details on HUGE savings on our lotions!
two job interviews this week then new years eve... i need to get the hell off cape cod.
I don't know about you guys but I have one of the coolest boyfriends on the planet.
Make sure you join us on FACEBOOK too!
Become your best self. Not a copy of someone else.
Absolutely. Beaver, Walker, and Brostek are all solid as well. I'm hoping for at least 4 out of the 6. UW is due for good news
Great Job, Thanks
I'm eating breakfast now so I can sleep longer in the morning. Genius, I know.
true grit man, that's what we need up in this joint (whatever the accent)
I wonder what award I'm getting! :O
I get in the car to go home from #pcbw and YMCA is on the radio. That's about right
Like the letter after A, I'm all I can B.
Does anyone else find the #TicketOak commercial creepy and weird...? It freaks me out.
SHH! That's one of Church Hill's best-kept secrets & editor loves it. RT : Alamo on Jefferson Ave is DELICIOSO!
Gotta get up early for my championship game tomorrow, but watching this Nuggets-Lakers game is so tempting.
Tango looks very cool! I'll have to experiment to see if it will work with an iPod Touch. Great suggestion...thanks!
Out with a friend who just sold his D.C. based startup. Done with dinner. Any ideas for a high roller downtown?
I bet you're ready for episode two! We are too. Don't worry, it'll be online in one week. www.terriblepeopleshow.com
Also on tap today is the NHL's All-Star Game in Raleigh, North Carolina, the first since the league such instituted wide-ranging changes .
There is a woman at the begining of all great things
they are carefully distinguishing between gift books and annuals, as they say you would wish.
Wish I had a miracle berry to accompany my coffee this morning.
News Trident Solar offers new warranty on inkjet print head- printheads
Once again I find software patents maddeningly hard to read. Its like the worst of tech speak and the worst of law speak had a bastard child
I'm gettin it in with this BBQ flavored grilled chicken...
I'm bored :P
What a victory!
Logan flicking the camera off is probably one of the most attractive things ever.
Damn in Houston as well ?!?!??! today is a good day out here in Houston !!!!!!
: It's "sleep planking..." doctors have yet to discover the cure
Last bootcamp today. Which is fine. I think the 5:20am alarm is slowly killing me....
I feel like every Penguin fan respects the Devils. They're a rival, but they're a RESPECTED rival. Classy, classy team.
Happy Easter to everyone who observes the holiday! Fact of the day... only two weeks until Tall Palms Creative turns 5 years old!
Ugg. Got my new phone....now i have to start all over with my music collecrion.
ok that is acceptable & admirable! Don't forget to hit up and about planning our joint surprise party.
Happy Mothers Day to the best mom in the world <3
shaQ did say that correct that udonis is the original member of the big 3# 32
#RnRDAL aka Dallas hotter than hell is in the books.
I love how willy wonka just avoids answering questions.
Those dam refs hates the lakers
and pretty good stuff! Supposed to be good for you too! Want to get Mikey to try it?!?! : D
CHEER ATHLETICS
omg did you just get a shout out from FABIO OMG IM DYING
I gotta piss so bad.
Today, volunteers are meeting to begin plans for TEDxABQ 2012. 2 hrs in, 6 to go...
They called a moving screen on KG. I am amazed
Never fear pinners! Looks like copyright thing w/ pinterest ain't critical yet...that's the word from social media session
Q: What do you call cattle with a sense of humor? A: Laughing stock.
totally off topic, but can anyone keep up with ? She was in #tchat before this!
perusing through submissions. spitballing page layouts for first issue. a glass of wine would complement this process.
"It's difficult to innovate when it takes 5 years to change course" -Scot Copeland
When I die, friends will go to my funeral, some will cry, but my best friend will change my facebook status to "Chilin'' with Jesus.
good morning! :)
Welcome :-) Have a great day!
Did you know that the Portland Public Library hosts weekly talks with local authors? Fridays at noon in Meeting Room #5!
Thanks for the RT :)
I always feel bad about going to the vet. She insists on getting Draco neutered but my parents want to wait a year so he can grow.
Happens every time, at some point they will acknowledge the African American visionaries in entertainment and our buying power
The Rays are just that good. No worries.
I wonder what would do if his son came out as bi. Bi and trans youth deserve the same support as gay and lesbian youth.
Man Chipotle need a drive threw!!!!!
Sorry, but the best tag team in the world is in TNA Motor City Machine guns.
we are and ! ya'll migrate and follow our duo twitter! :)
At lake with amber brown.
I think I should rest a little. I am a tad tired
What up Bro It's Been Awhile how it going bro
Oh i never said you should. But I proposed the idea that the Chiefs like all of them. Its a perception thing
Screaming rednecks to my right making game less enjoyable. Yelling "you're out" at the top of lungs for a routine ground ball is obnoxious
I like to think of it as a mw2 $60 expansion pack. Lol There just isn't anything truly new about it.
Figure app from propellerhead is lots of fun and awesomely designed! No save feature though??
Who's gonna rob a Hallmark
"C" is a verb now? Nice
Newt: I can campaign in Spanish, but ballots in Spanish are bad. Speaker Hair Splitter said it. You heard it.
its best to work out when youre sore - works out the lactic acid. nicole!! youve gotta come!
U.S. government activities related to immigration and the ability to audit such funds as is enjoyed by the UN High Commissioner for Refugees
Broke a twelve pack of ragu sauce at work. That's a half hour gone that I needed to do other stuff
ah i hate school!
40 min worth of circuit training during lunch. I feel so much better. Feeling burnt out from running, need to put FUN back in my training.
hey u like 1D u live in the usa me too
Don't worry, ours is worth around the same lol!
In the near future, but scarves first. “: Any chance we could get some CoMo Cauldron shirts made up?"
Crisis averted; power is back after an hourlong outage! The hunt for candles has been cancelled.
you and all the other hippies.
Thanks for the interview with Martin Kemp!
RT : the conference sets itself up to be made fun of. /u making fun of Champions really just shows that u r a sore loser.
"If you like the debate, you will give us more money. That is all. Ron Swanson."
lol i third that
are you still looking for an #OWS photo? I think I know someone who took some today.
Censorship is unAmerican!
what up. I see you twitter #after dark, that beat should be sent back to me from my peeps either tomorrow or Monday morning...
Where’s your favorite coffee shop; Is often asked of me? My reply the one I just left and the next one I’m going to visit
Julie Park on Fanny Burney: "the history of the novel as a medium for rendering artificial life"? Lifelike characters imitate humans.
i can't wait to get back to the US and see it!!
I'll just make and eat some bacon instead.
#Health issues even cancers of abdominal area are linked to long festering #anger & resentment. #Forgiveness & #CreativeWriting = +
It's strange watching the storm damage of #STL and on every national news station. Praying for all of those effected by the storm
Sorry for your loss. I would be absolutely devastated if my dog passed. #RIPAngel much love <3
Girls Who Give Head Are SUPER Cool...
#Browns ain't an option anymore who would want the #Sanchize ?
But RPI has the Dawgs at 54 this year compared to USC's 67 last year. It feels like anything could happen.
Sex with my Ex
Lol, I must be in a great mood today, I just called my teacher beautiful.
DRG deserved to win, but the fact everyone is starting to use infestors so much scares me :\
or chutchui creek, that's a better name
lol. I just realize something u haven't add me on fb yet
- great idea re: wine at Barnes and Noble
Sending you wishes for a happy year filled with health, prosperity, love and loads of fun!
7 am in Poconos and I wake up to bagpipes playing outside my window???
Welcome to the 203 followers of this twitter page =)
I wonder how many years grad school is taking off of my life expectancy...
Thank you for sharing. Go Kings!
Green lights and pink skys vibin wit
Not to sorry.
you should try Ohio.
NW: power rangers
S/o to my fitness fam!
Rick perry is a smarter version of W. Scary.
Thanks for the follow . Have a good Turkey day!
Cooking channel has exciting tips for delicious and easy dishes. the Neely show
Omg my sister wants me to do the ice & salt challenge
Ok, who gave Milbury the Tetris tie?
look at you! Congrats on the new place!
I love you :D
I tried #mog for a month. They don't always have the albums I want. I switched to #grooveshark cause it had a sale. I like it.
Drink first; ask questions later.
aww,Sorry for the delay but you tell him a "Happy Birthday" from me! Love you,Noah.
My phone doesn't recognize the word "homegirl." When I text, "Wassup, homework?" Just know what I mean from now on, okay?
Just saw the drop stop commercial. #foreal I'm about to order 3. #bbn # weareuk
Mama ain't raise no fool..
umm... you can dm it or send me a twitpic of it:)
im in the house
I WANT SUMMER. Who's with me?????
yeahh i am.. these guys are tyring to kill me and im not safe.. and now i have heart problems
dude it's the best turkey burger round these parts. You gotta check em out when you come back
got your message! just got home. 4am your time. I'll call you tomorrow! xoxo
Omg sick fucking lightning, batman.
#Community is genius! I can seriously watch "Pillows and Blankets" over and over "Leonard likes this post" - amazing!
Say it isn't true! RIP Junior Seau.
we want to hear about what you would like to see on our new website www.getbettermaine.org! more health resources? maternity rankings?
Too much alcohol can act as a depressant & inhibit the orgasmic reflex. Keep the tequila to a minimum today!
Game 6 pregame news: Kobe is sick as a dog and Birdman has to go clear his internet history. Advantage
Teen Wolf Trailer? Oh lawdy don't even get me going on that show!
Harry_Styles please follow meplease follow me please please follow me please foolow me please
well, you won't get shit from me. I'm a sucker for animals, moreso than humans, at least humans can take care of themselves
15 days left until 4th of July and bikini time! Love that Sweat is going to help me get fit! You're doing great Adam!
Just registered for my first trail race... The 1/2 marathon at the Ice Age 50, May 12th (La Grange, WI). !!!
New drug to combat asthma symptoms A new drug has been found to significantly reduce asthma symptoms caused by common colds in the first
#TGIF! Share your weekend plans with us and you never know, you may win a free #Scorzie!
feed your head
Can't even breathe my allergies are so bad
Just turned the heat on for the Sunday school class next to us
At least I absolutely LOVE Inna!!! HA! people can't hate on her.. why hate on her? You can't! That's just it!
My son just texted me to tell me I will be in his heart forever & God is good all the time. A priceless gift indeed.
I want sum bar b que
Hey #singers - tired, damaged voice? Try reverse phonation: produce a quiet, clean vocal tone by sucking air in, instead of blowing out.
finding out my hw is due next week not tomorrow
. Stop making facebook and twitter have sex and pass their aids by copying and pasting statuses from facebook for tweets.
I only get 3 songs to perform at teenfest but I'll be ready to do this one if Mr Malloy ask me..
True Story.
My mom makes the best banana bread..
I knew that texting and driving was a problem, but i just saw a woman driving and playing a gameboy.
it's called get a job, and stop begging! #wow Work for it Honey....
Happy President's Day! Which president do you find to be the most inspirational and why? We're looking for #motivation-so keep it positive!
tomorrow we have some stupid thing called career day and my first hour career is a police officer.... kill me now.....
i want to slap him right now.. he better be glad we arent in the same place..
if I remember correctly, its more EIT than glass passenger. probably remembers better.
Okay they're back. Crisis averted. Netflix watching can commence.
I'll be up up and away up up and away, cause in the end they'll judge me anyway so whatever
Life lesson # 3597: Stop drinking coffee on an empty stomach. This is a weekly issue. I know it makes me jittery. So why do I keep doing it?
for sure
Welcome Wednesday!
give her a blanket and turn the game on. Lol. Jk. I bang the shit out of her. :-)
After a great NHL day yesterday today is about as uneventful as I've seen in awhile
I hate heat fans.
thanks for the tip - they look great!
Happy Mothers Day and all others!!!
that looks like a great festival!
I know
The average American eats 3300 mg of sodium per day, almost twice as much as recommended... We have got to do better
Nawww it's good here tho!
stfu your ass was in africa wrestling gorillas nd chasing lions
why do people feel the need to lean as far back as possible onto your desk and basically punch you in the face when they strech
#kids Preschool Storytime Central Library at Irving Central Library, Tue, May 15 10:30a: Preschool storytime will engage young children...
rock the Vegas !
Finally watched the first episode of GAME OF THRONES Season 1 on Blu-ray. So far so good!
she is!
I am wearing a super cute new dress today and it's making me happy :)
#FF Chicago musicians
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!!! Enjoy your day and give yourself permission to DO YOU!!!!
I love reading all of the #rbkfitblog recaps. I am very impressed with 's engineering.
“: no prob buddy! Thanks for singing the demo hook for tam, k, and myself :)” my pleasure! Great hook!
Lebron james party at the epic hotel in downtown miami!!!!!! Welcome to Miami Bosh in Wade COUNTY..let's find u a crib in Lebroward
Christmas was 1.5 months ago bud
tweet me if you wanna co-own i am looking for 3 co-owners
i like justin bieber
- the only author that can get my husband to sit and wait in a line.
Or you can always build another wing on the house -- my back up plan, if only I could convince my hubby :)
Happy Happy Thanksgiving to all! God Bless!
Wait wait.... Yea I just saw your asshole!! Thank you, and your welcome
Congratulations to all the #Wabash College graduates today
Finally Netflix decided to do something right!
If we have to have 'em, I'd prefer them that way...
cheers on the follow! Looking forward to sharing tweets.
lol the freaking spider cat thing & masterbating cat one killed me. Holy hell.
lol I'm a lot better at keeping up on Facebook Haha!!
A woman without curves is like a pair of jeans without pockets...you don't know where to put your hands ;)
absolutely! Do you need any quotes for future posts?
50% douche parade, 50% smokin' hot hair gel models (ok fine, 100% douches)
Wow, gotta change dat
Speaker phone finesse?
it's me! Let's get hot dogs!
Memorial Day is coming up pretty soon. Be sure to come in for a wax before tanning season starts for real!
I'm trying to stay within walking distance of violet crown cinema - I'm going to miss the game, I think. Seeing sushi movie @ 4
Good on ya LB. Must be all the Soccer Tuesday, Tour de France, and For No Apparent Reason content that tipped the scales.
So we playing the reception? I'm sure we can metal out the chicken dance
........stfu your voice is making me want to kill myself.
Twitter: I need to buy a webcam. Is there really a difference between the $10 one and the $100 one?
We appreciate the mention!
im right here :) lol
We agree, you must.
Stopping in to check out your place this weekend. Looking forward to those Duck Fat Fries!
We've changed our default skin. Trying out a darker but more professional look.
I concur. RT : excllnt! RT : BTW Today I'm finishing up my second batch of corned beef. Love your spice rcp .
How could you not love a heart who's form is purest gold.
#alamw12 Virtually shakes jazz hands watching for announcements
Last day of classes for the semester, had an epic time at the USC Fountain Run 2012! A day I will never forget!
Fact is either you real or you not$
Crowd-sourcing - use "the crowd" to create and promote your site.
feeling good two out of three bags are sucessfully on the fan
I agree about Fieri, and I hate his jewelry too.
Tv signal. PLEASE COME BACK. I BEG YOU!
Sadness. Delivered to work & they forgot my diet coke. Felt bad for asking delivery guy to trek back just for that.
Left tackle Demetress Bell agrees to 5-year deal. Give Eagles credit: when they want a player, front office makes it happen.
FireSign customers, don't forget tonight's scheduled maintenance. The FireSign Hosted system will go offline at 8pm (Central).
Don't get mad if I care too much. In fact, you should really start to worry when I don't care at all.
I'm so excited for you :D
Getting my shoulder checked out😷
Now everything is swirly and gooply. And the fish on the ceiling are hairy.
Claims interoperability is advantage where wimax is used in ecosystem.
“: when u gotta be in Miami? Hope u see some action in a Knicks Uni man: im a huge fan, Keep grindin... #Knickstape” tmrw
say it to my face . please .
good morning (:
The Future Looks so bright for me and my team the funny part about shit is niggas around us be tryna brag but just don't know who we reallyR
LDP- 29% of companies that responded to survey said they partnered with accredited degree prog as part of their LDP
wait wait wait wait wait
Thank God 4 waking me up this morning & thank God 4 my Wife & Kids & Thank God 4 a Job with Chicago Fire Dept as a paramedic.
woohooo and really im taking u up on that
hahah I'm sorry I was excited too
If you haven't been outside yet today I suggest you get out there and soak up the awesomeness
will we see you at clothing company tonight? 6pm!
so, if you a need a lover and a friend...
Oh, yes. I spend a lot of nervous energy staring at walls and walking in circles.
bet cuz im n recovery now
C stat. Whatcha know bout dat
Feeling so grateful & humbled by the AMAZING today. Her heart, brains and kindness fill me w/ inspiration & gratitude
Someone pick me up and take me to the reserve game
Damn.... That's racist. lol
SAA Chicago. Date, time, and location forthcoming for 2011 Knitworking!
hello Mr. Terrio!
heading to a funeral.
SEVENTH FLOOR STFU I can hear every word you say
Omww to St Louis
ask for me!!!
Moho Collective, Extended Family, Last Note, & Son of the Sun on The Shakedown this Sunday at 8pm! 98.9 The Buzz.
I want a jersey right now
That's very cool.
well tuesdays are always a good time in our book.
- lol. Because I couldn't stop dancing, jumping, screaming and singing. It was packed! AND yes, she's HOT!!!!
Are you serious?
just followed! Hope she follows back! Key to social is engagement with followers.
These next seven games against #Mets, #Astros, #Twins will be good gauge of how #Brewers perform against teams they really ought to beat.
The Varsity Movie this weekend is We Bought a Zoo for Christmas! Tickets are just $2 with your MU ID!
Cant decide on a eyebrow pencil? if your a blonde get a pencil 2 shades darker than your hair..
are you guys doing the startup week again this year :) ?
Ut-oh. Can we help with anything?
#ICantStandPeople Who Put Others Down Just Because...
I wana go on a date tonight
Lmao RT : That was definitely supposed to say THEY* but you guys are retweeting it already so eff it. YOLO
Maybe she was talking with someone on the ethereal other end. Someone else tweeted about that person, too.
i'll tell you said hi!
Thanks :D <33 Didnt think anyone even noticed we put it up hehe
hopin to come to south bend soon. Thanks for spreading the word also. We appreciate it!
The. Black. Keys.
Seriously, how come girls always punked out in truth or dare?
what's up tonight?
"I wasn't that drunk", "Dude, when a voice came on over the intercom at Walmart, you said 'GOD HAS SPOKEN! ' "
We missed the memo!!
Professional athletes are such babies.
thanks Jeffrey! Lots of experience. A great read is Who Says Elephants Can't Dance! Email me and I'll send a culture wksht
I thought that at least they would let them win the foot volley game but I think that Q of M cheated
Setting up the Causality booth at The Washington State Nonprofit Conference...with coffee in hand.
I'll take my 4th of July fireworks in homerun celebrations, thanks.
"A positive attitude may not solve all your problems but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort."
damn. It's a thanksgiving day potter marathon!
I'm jealous.
who's down for Phil's after? #pussy OnDemand
Pandora > Slacker
MT Nice review paper on effects of in-store marketing on #food choices, Am Journal of Preventive
awh maybe we can sometime this week
": I shouldve smoked a blunt before coming home", if u live by me im firing up na.
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't imply it is useless.
I'm off so it can happen.. RT : I wanna fuck the shit outta #oomf this weekend.
Just finished watching “Back to the Future” and after all these years it’s still one of the greatest movies of all time!
More #FF Tweeps to add to your xmas list: (I love this app) and
the other time, me and my brother saw many angels together in the sky. I believe they were singing :)))
A bit late on the reply but it was great to officially meet you as well! What a MASSIVE Saturday...
I'm going to stick up for Kyle here. He gets parked for the weekend for putting some1 in the wall. What did Danica get?
#Oomfs looks so cute in his prom tux(:
I don't hate you, I'm just disappointed you turned into everything you said you'd never be.
Pulling a brady...
yes I do I got to get up at 6:45am ugh :(
#PhilHumber of the CHICAGO WHITE SOX has a PERFECT GAME through eight innings.
It can be. I know what my answer is. :-)
They don't know me do they? Hope they don't hold their breath' cause they'll be waiting a while.
break down salary <--there's an interesting subject
Like this status if you like our Callaloo and Escovitch Whiting fish! Did you know it is a daily special?
i feel you
Tanning and #dietcoke make me able to get through each day...
Thanks you Henderson for all your labeling help two weekends in a row! Wow..what a trooper!
They say I faded I'm a "stranger" Nah I don't want to be bothered FUCK ALL YOU HOES I GET MONEY $$ - that's my persona
Mira Awad performs @ JFK Library on 4/29 to honor Palestinian & Israeli youth who are working to make peace in Middle East instead of war
Hope I anit take to long :O
March 20-22 is the Nebraska Museums Association 2012 conference. Anyone know if they plan on using a hashtag for Twitter?
i like, but i did not have any direct influence!
Airport Sacramento b terminal. They need to replace this already.
I love one of my male friends to the end, he just an ain't shit boyfriend. Point. Blank. Period.
yes very beautiful! an amazing place :)
For graduation and prom I'm going to do my hair and nails with my everything my besties my wifeeysx98;* <3<3<3
Head rules official for round three of the Sioux Falls City Girls golf tournament. What up.
PC is over 106,100 downloads! Thank you to everyone who has used PC. I really appreciate it and look forward to the next 100k downloads!
Hm...Interesting choice of words there.
My kids really enjoyed the caravan at Red Bank Elementary today . They were so excited.
Judge don't Obama down Congress when he had Veto pin an acts like they stoped the debt He's the Pres. may loose the House
Happy Birthday Girl..:)) Love Yah..xoxo
Don't let them get you down, Ax! You're the man, you got this! Go Crew!
I'm about to do a lot of #tbt of me and
Goal! Now I'll bet the floodgates open for the Reds.
I dare you to click my follow button! 143
Happy April! I was just hoping our baby would hold on til its due date month. He/she did. YAY! Now my bunny take-home outfit makes sense! :)
little do you know, dogs can die if they get chocolate into their system! So...ha..ha...haha... :) *penis flip*
Come back next year and win this thing!!! You'll set every single record and the money will be there waiting!!!!
Anyone in New York City want to catch a meeting today? I could use a good one with a friend!
that's what you think!!!
First off, I agree 100% that this movie sucked ass!
doing well! How's your branch of family, Parents, Bro & family?
haha if only that were true! I'd gladly exchange piano lessons for student debt, finding a job, never being able to retire...
i no feel so good....
yes, why?
you got it babe.:)
Thank you! Could tell you were in alignment w/ it the moment I opened your page. You're doing beautiful things!
please follow she is you biggest fan!55
I just changed it to my birthday lol
Taos man Christopher Barney beat his girlfriend; fatally stabbed their baby; and then tried to cut his own throat. And now his trial begins.
I'm gonna go crazy
Yall opinions don't make me money...
still unsure. I'll try boss man again.
If I recall he was throwing 96-97??
thanks fam. likewise
I cant wait until christmas & new years!(:
I really miss soccer!
"[The women] told how much they appriciate the bulbs you give them. They said no to #kerosene." -Our friend Agnes Turanta in
HEY! WHATS UP!?
Taco bell is nothing!U gtgo to hard rock and have the 10oz burger to measure up- Donethat fries&shake
Hey man, thanks for the plug How is the film school so far? What are you studying?
:Local church sues former members, video of baby ducks rescued, Trayvon Martin's mom recieves huge act of kindness. Cu in 9 min!
When did the #Knicks sign Kanye West to play backup PG?
these tools should be open access. However, we run into the problem of financing. I don't necessarily have a solution, but..
Love that is not madness is not love.
1st Winning Pick - #NFL Week 11...Jets/Patriots #Take_The_Over (45). Jets will have to take chances to stay in game. Pats O is rolling!
It's impossible to quantify how large of a role that plays. But, it's fairly easy for us to take the inflation out of Oscar's..
hahah. What? You want me to get one so we can talk through it? Haha
Aw!! Loved the ending!!
Hi Rand...thanks for the follow...following you too!
Freaking kids stupid kids lmfao
did u see that TD
You never know, Dave. You just never know...
Off to work
Can't wait for my fitting with The talented Shes making me a custom dress for the show!
Enemys will come in diferent shape and colors!!
Thank you !! Meeting went great and I got my wish...
It's Friday! Woohooo!! Happy Friday y'all
Ten Bold Predictions for Book Publishing in 2012 by
Contemplating a trip to the tower in H'wood; Atman location for The Long Goodbye. Marlowe's pad.
Reverend Christine. You are the best. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. I hope life is good for you.
Thanks for the welcome and hope the Starbucks is keeping you amped!
Thanks BPI for the tons of free supplement samples. Can't wait to test them out!
I need a ride home and I don't know anybody with a car except for seniors and they're all gone:((((
Shouts to Stadium Bar for bumpin "Gatorade Shower" on gameday
Awww I miss my buddy, we used to run to each other and then he'd carry me and twirl me around like in the movies..i miss his hugs :'(
my sister is having a lil boy in December :)
Every chick on #GCB has #NoAss . I hope the title stands for "Getting Cakier Butts".
Our hours during #NATO: we will close on Friday 5/18 but open Sat. 5/19 till 8pm for Spoken Word night.
total turn on! Will you please have my babies?
Sorry the beginning of that response only half made sense. Long day!
RT : excellent job tonight. Such a powerful story! Thank you. // Those kids are amazing. Thanks for the note.
I'll keep saying it... My new LP is gonna be FIRE!
Sorry I didn't get back to you 'till now. Shoot me an email if you like: ryan (at) thebashamcompany (dot) com
Death is the tyrant of the imagination.
and are opening a restaurant together. Um, I'd like a Braun/Rodgers sandwich please! OH!
Thankfully my Mid-terms are over, and I got A's on all of them! I am thinking that I can handle the University of Washington!
Hey! I've been laying low lately but ready to get out and about this weekend! What's up with YOU?
so it appears mcghee is alright.
Some teaching to do, and then I start a new writing project. Today's goal: 800.
Goin to the park with my bff...
I saw a couple episodes of the British version, and thought it was funny. The "boss" had the tone-deaf douchebag to a "T".
Its time to think about Tiip wat Tiip want wats convenient for Tiip n not everybody else
My dad: "I have the winning lottery ticket, I KNOW IT!!!!" ~ minutes later ~ Me: Did you win? My Dad: no -___- LMBO!!!
I'm going to get a smoothie then leaving
Sure, which show is that? RT Now you can tune in to my show! If you wanted...
take a look and listen to our memphis music!!
L.A. needs more biergartens.
Yes we can lol I'll find new viruses and bacteria to play with and leave the pet alone :D
Amazing 7 mile run outside today around such a beautiful day!
Aww I'm jus now seeing Jasmine V retweeted my tweet :)
Great lunch w ,, and ! So sad to see it close!
No Strings attached like a cordless phone #ColeWorld Lol
thanks u
Selection Sunday. Let's go Hoyas!
Blue actually got one right!!!
thanks Ted. have a great day!
Ughhhhhhggghhhgghgghghgggghhghgggggggghhhggggghgghhhgghhghgghhggggghhhhgghhghhhghhggghghghhghhhghhg! Do I have to read now? (:
thanks a million angel! Hehehehe!! :) yayayayy
lol hi buddy, my last tweet equals me on my level.
As of press time, there were somewhere in the region of 14 billion commemorative gestures aimed at the 100th anniversary of the Titanic’s
We have opportunities ACROSS THE UNIVERSE. So can you!
is Denard Robinson going to NY for Heisman? Why isn't he getting more press for the recordbreaking year he is having!!
Gonna be with the bestie, my baby Jazz tomorrow, celebrating her aunts baby showerr💗👶💗 Goodnight Everyone 🌙
Just got the cutest valentine's postcard from !
didn't ask.. Haha jk but seriously, it wasn't that good.
thanks, same to mb! :)
That Sandwich Touched The Spot
They call me "Gilly Beat Tha Willy Make Tha Girls Go Silly" cause I got Stroke! Haha
totally! I'm bringing it to work tomorrow. You should stop by and check it out!
Brody Boles at the meet fits in the locker
Looking forward to my first day back to #KidsHope today!
hi, your probably not going to see this but hii :)
What was the nation's first national park?
this us history study guide >>>>
Hammy really wants that contract. Sweeping the dugout, even! Lol
Good start Babe
A Parent's Guide to #Bullying: It's important to tell your child that you do not approve of bullying & that you are aware
I want to work for Olivia Pope! lol
Segmentation and personalization are important when doing email marketing says
Also, to All the little Angels worldwide, God Bless u all!!!!! I love u all so much XoXoXoX
Cool! Thank you. :) I'll tune in.
Portugal. The Man
I miss my baby. Why do you gotta be so far away ?
I <3 this guy
wow! Excellent question, depends on location of bar, i.e. that bar could be located near a predominately white biker town :)
...Hey I heard you like the wild ones :)
congrats baby!
will all be at Marquee Theater Tonight for Tech N9ne and Murs! Doors open at 6pm, show starts at 8pm!
DONE IT! Add that to my previous answer!
she's got a little bit of devil in her angel eyes.
*takes a look* he's....cute. *quirks eyebrow* what is it?
absolutely love the new swype release! u guys are awesome!
ATL's been rained out since Saturday with no end n site. Overcast right now. More rain on it's way.
Love that phrase!
"I imagine you're extremely pleasant to mount."
I love you too.
get a hold of this kid jutz
Good point. I bet statistically there is no difference between either strategy.
who's this raul Martinez? He sent me the most disgusting pic I've ever seen lol
Agree - I can recall many #RichardBuckner lyrics, very few
How would you feel about white rims and black tires? Black crankset, white chain, saddle, and griptape?
RT : Lighting upgrades at prevent 79 tons of carbon from entering the environment
but you better believe you're gonna fly with me.
I can't take that black guy mutant in xmen first class seriously
Ann's mom LOVED it.
Margarita and nachos with my Lovely at Old Taos Inn. No complaints.
My favorite on million dollar listing NY is Frederick. After that last episode he seems much more down to earth than one would think 💗 u!
beautiful fabulous friend (: yabsolutely!
stay golden pony boy ..that movies a classic
I'm going to start rapping under the alias young gazpacho.
: add another generation and welcome to my world--
Leviticus should have stayed on his lithium.
The gridlock in our governmental system is driving me crazy.Its time for a third party.
Where should I do with myself
Judy from sterling heights just started the first rush at #ClintonTownship #stuffabus here we go!
End of the first half: Bombers 56 - B-team 44. Awesome gameplay by our Rookies!!!
Great first day at KC Watersports! First of many this summer!
that would be a cold day in 2 hells- theirs AND mine (unless company gets sold again....the local non-corporate folks are my family)
Fear the Deer! Cheer the BEER! Let's go BUCKS!!!!!
Soon my friend. RT : how about we put one of these together for the San Diego area?
glad you guys like it. Thanks to everyone for the positive feedback
24 Days until
baaaha what's up
- Gee, he wasn't complaining when he benefitted from voter fear and frustration which fed the clamor for "change".
Dedication: WAYNE MCCLAIN, Con carino. We miss you. I finally went sailing! Darcy, Rudy, Adrian, Violet, & Granmpa
March 15th, The Ides of March. Quit Netflix in protest of their continued support of Limbaugh.
CDH version of the M&M boys: Miley and McClanahan. Miley double, McClanahan 2-run HR. 6-0 top of 5, Cretin v Park
Man this indiana•orlando game is wild
😊Great Sunday Morning🙏
I used to do that, but I had a good thesis advisor who beat it out of me. Hehe.
you just told me you dont have any money. I am not supporting you at the bars all year so you better get your shit together
I'm not perfect I'm just me I am special in my own way
Get 25% off any panini when you check-in with yelp, foursquare or google!
"Brennen Center has estimated that new laws could disenfranchise more than 5 million Americans in 2012" Nicole Austin-Hillery
Hard at work on outline for book two.
Why Relationship Marketing is Important for Businesses
I miss him.
#nyy #yankees ... will TEX make good on his ST promise to BUNT on occasion, just to get them to shift less ??
LISTEN TO THE WHISPER OF OVARIAN CANCER!
Congrats on your success this past week! Great to have you on board! Cant wait for to launch this wknd! Good luck!
*sits down, gets comfortable* I been good, had to close my Facebook, too many haters!! How has life been treating u?
real shit if we had a baby it would be born stoned !
Chimneys! Get thee to 6th Anniversary Party immediately!
lovely coffee date with <3 wonderful friends make for an excellent day!
shot 11 over the other day but +7 came on the first 8 holes so I was happy finish 10 at +4
only in Milwaukee. Icky
"I've just had an apostrophe." "I think you mean epiphany."
Headed to Vegas!!! Aww yeah
Conference tournament champions !!!!
Rondo's jump shot is gettin better :)
At home, taking care of my son today!
EVERYONE FOLLOW FOR A HUGE SHOUTOUT! ♥ and tell me if u did
you're going to love it out there - I just know it!
It ain't really as hot as I thought it was.
Roller coaster day in the bucs sign Eric Legrand, bounty gate suspensions, now Junior Seau dead, and It's only 1:30.
I heard your book is on the shelves, congrats! Can't wait to read it
You smell like onion burger farts and swizz cheese
big results require big ambitions
"#Silence of the Lambs It puts the lotion in the basket!!" -- maybe I'd like to keep the lotion! It smells like vanilla.
thank you so much! We appreciate it and we hope your wife loves her ring! :) Take care!
Horse racing!
- I am at a spa - I think you need on. Especially a nice massage. Check #Rancho La Puerta - you will be happy.
do you think you will have a day where A Fan Could Spend a Whole Day with You bahja ?
yeah, I think he would have been in even more trouble then he all ready is, if he would have said a black man did.
#nokxl Barry S. We can and we will win this battle.
net is on grass. That makes it field hockey, which means you're a woman, which means you're a dyke.
There's a house at the end of my street that people will purposely pass by and honk at. It's kind of funny most days. Not when I'm asleep.
That's great! Thanks for getting back to me. RT : Yes, there were a couple of fans that showed the post!
#somebodytellmewhy drunk words are sober thoughts?
are all on board!
funny thing is, im not tweeting about you, you were tweeting about me, so i tweet back... just stop now, you sound pathetic .
I'm still here for the new house part
yoo whas good bro, me and this guy joe stayed up til like 3 pm, im all fucked up right now lol
More new arrivals...Savinelli's 20th Anniversary cigar is now on the shelves of our walk-in humidor and is an instant hit!
. Right, online also improves conferences. Allows discussion to overflow proscribed times when useful
What time are the ustreams tomorrow??:)
Slick wanted to go to school today...
Late aft wx models consistent at keeping bulk of snow just south of immediate area: 1-3" possible, with some slick spots for AM commute.
Now you know you're old if you're laughing at Mash...
Librarians w/ebook collections in their schools, what is your advice for a committee of librarians figuring out what to do, buy, think?
So will Joe take Flynn's talents to Miami?
well deserved recognition!
its D.o.D
Ron has the entire Blue team wrapped around his finger... You keep losing because you refuse to vote off your weakest player.
3 weeks till rehearsals. entering that phase of pre-production where im dying to just get in a room with this cast.
TONIGHT | Ivy Lounge presents Skyy High Friday | Special Guest DJ! | Ladies Drink Free | | Doors open @ 9pm
I believe that Jews and Arabs could live together. It's not a simple thing but I believe we could reach an agreement.
I hear is teaming up with for an upcoming movie, and I'm actually pretty intrigued to see how that comes out.
Fuck water cycles already, just urinal filtering
Great thing about filling out evaluation forms for teachers is that class is almost over
If I find life to challenging, then I keep trucking until it gets better.
I have the best boo bear in the whole world
RT : Sandia Speedway has a new name. Find out on during sports on KRQE News 13 at 5:30!
We hope everybody has a safe and happy easter!! Just a few more days and "Mercy" will be ready for you all to hear. Stay tuned! Bravo
Everything is changing way too damn fast
LMFAO you would be the one to miss read that! “: “: I'm so hungry! Geez I feel like I can out eat anyone!”<~~ u kn
thanks cheers!
Isn't it crazy how ppl tend to give a politicians answer so much that they themself forget the whole truth, or even part of it. SMH!!!
For sure!
No, but if you swing by Heritage Congregational ... I'd love to have a Flip Cam there!! ;)
depends on the recipe but I can certainly figure it out!
I have a feeling ima get a reply from vinny in the mail sometime this week.
I hope Wayne's OK. I wish him the best! All of MancUnia is holding it's collective breath for sure!
"Advertising is totally unnecessary. Unless you hope to make money." ~ Jef I. Richard
vs OpenMail, where the same email is sent to everyone, and software distribution is handled as a separate process. I'd prefer OM.
Thanks for the RT - see you Friday!!
So glad that fun people like find me on here! :)
Congrats on the emerging leaders program! It's a big honor!
The best restaurants in Chinatown are usually NOT listed on Yelp.
Talking to my bestfrienddddddd
wow my timeline says the same thing and i love sourpatch kids in general
Tin For Man is a rock and roll band from San Francisco. Not too hard and not too soft. We're like the third bowl of porridge: just right.
answer #2 DJ Jazzy Jeff
Just got my new tablet for christmas and going on twitter, youtube, and facebook.yah!!!!!!!!!!!!
TONS OF COFFEE!
yoo that songs dope!
Have you checked out yet?
I miss talking to you the way we used. Everytime I want to message you on twitter something stops me. I miss you.
got that shit too
Cam Newton Is The Best QB In The League!
I LIVE THE CONCEPT EVERYDAY WITH THEM MAD LOVE AND RESPEC!!! CHECK THEM OUT FROM CLEVELAND SHOWING LOVE TO THE CITY!!!!
Hi, friend :)
Ran into an old friend from gw at #BJxmas4! #smallworld!
Looks like Adobe will succeed in making Adobe Edge the tool of choice for Standards-based animation (HTML5)
#ThankYouAlexConstancio for not giving up on Austin <3 and staying with him through everything <3 <3
· how is your day???
My good friend Tom Cintorino and I are quoted ... it's all about the NEW revenue when it comes to lists!...
ITS GAME TIME.... TIME TO TAKE THEM MAVRICKS OUT THIS BITCH....SPURS TIME....FUCK ALL YOU HATIN ASS HOES...
But let me guess. You're probably against Planned Parenthood, too.
Sorry I missed ur Usteram . Its Angelina i have two accounts . and i share this one with Amelia
lol, Rock on!
loool....love you with no reason LoooL
COME BUY A JAM SHIRT!
Car shopping
Steak n shake in Richmond.
9 minutes left in the second half -- Bombers up 94-73 over 's B-team.
Also added: Nobody's Token and North Coast! Woo-hoo!
thank you, it's a single. I took the pic at a side-angle.
ok let me know.
Thanks for the Shout out! Always great to meet someone mixing interesting types of music!
about to watch LET THE RIGHT ONE IN it's supposed to be very good
i can't wait until the end of july when i can adopt a husky.. im literally counting the days until i have my OWN place w/ just me and my pup
I dont play, I'm at Club Play on a Friday. Need to detox, I'm smokin Chronic like Dr. Dre.
OMG, that is a freakin riot...You were and are so much better looking than that dude.
oh i see. well i am glad youre expressing your opinion.
The people on "I Shouldn't Be Alive" are THE STUPIDEST PEOPLE ON THE PLANET. You go on a hike without water?
It's too late for me to eat anyway.......gn
Ah, those are really helpful. Thanks! The tutorial is great and is one of the few *free* ways to make a collaborative timeline
going to school... You know, educational stuff
yes I'm going youth center
Thank you to everyone who participated in yesterday’s
Glad I survived the cut :-)
come back this summer for some !
I know! (heehee)
Happy Birthday!
want to DM with me?
Twitter you've been amusing. Now, I must use my fingers... in other ways..G'night.
US culture includes all ages,races, genders, & belief systems & civil laws should reflect that & be fair to EVERYONE, not just a few groups.
thank you for the follow back
I don't watch Glee
may the best team win, itll be a slobberknocker RT I have no issues w/ #Laker fans chiming in. I'm not a 'hater.' I love
Almost lunchtime! You may want to head to McD's where Big Mac Sandwiches are BUY 1 GET ONE FREE. Just saying.
Leadership has failed! They have lorded over us for the last time. Mis appropriated funding and contributions for those less fortunate. ???
The Hoya Innovation Summit is tomorrow. Taking ideas and turning them into action with , , , and many more
Sub in 4thhhh block 👌
why she don't even follow back
One reason to leave women's health issues out of politics: all the news outlets I follow are becoming increasingly
I wish people would keep it 100% people would be better off in life..i stay 100% i am a goon fo life....just keep it 100% every body...plz.
That video just makes me want to party with Michael Bolton. "Yo Michael, you up for another round?" His response: "Oh yeah"
At Superball chillin' at the Beers of the World tent. Come say hi.
I've been following! You're tardy for the party Nickiiii!!! hahah Love you! Now follow back. *kisses
Adding, I think that the 95% of "planning to vote" figure in said poll speaks for itself
First time making Deviled Eggs, This is so exciting!!! (in my guy from pineapple express voice.)
Note to self: make collages again.
Listening to <3
flattened squirrels are road rugs.
Emails labeled Urgent!, with poor grammar and ALL CAPS makes me want to help you oh so quickly...
you are not true #BBN. Idiot.
I watched the first season of Downton Abbey and loved it on Netflix.
I'd like to introduce the newest member of the family. He will be wearing our gear this season in the CFL!!!
And the rain is finally here....im off to bed....goodnight peeps
Hey Everybody 😃
How much space do you need? Lot's of good online solutions.
That was a bs finish to the tables match.
Drinking more water daily and less kool-aid -Oh Yeah
would you rather have everything you ever wanted in 5 life-times, or 1 really intense one? i'll take the 1 really intense one ;-)
There's a difference: LUV U- friend LOVE YOU- someone much more special ;)<3
“: that works perfect” haha I know sorry Kylie had to do it!
online traffic school
People who get on twitter ; just to talk Shit <<<<<<
Glad I'm not the only one who feels that way!
goto newarklist.co enter email That's it! we'll shoot you an email when the site is open for beta.
TY for once again being both a DR Corporate Member & the sponsor of DR’s Technology Woman of the Year Breakfast on April 26.
I've been walking around too agressively lately. Averaging nearly 17k steps for the last three days and my knees are a little sore.
I LOVE yOU
Your high school post was pure awesome. Especially since I know where you went to school and I recognized at least 1 person :)
Great Company, I love my glucose meter, thanks ADS!
She has agreed to get/read the book. That's a good start!
u no its true
I wish South Florida had volcanoes, so bitches like yOu can jump into them and burn BURN.
It's looking like 's show at is going to sell out today. Go grab your tix while they are still available!
When i think about you i think about 17 i think abt my old jeep i think about the stars in the sky
Head full of water, but I didn't manage to land my second switch krypt off the kicker. Now to start grabbing it!
back to sleep.
How is everyone doing???
Sometimes u have to be selfish, if u can't put yourself first, u can't expect anyone else to.
Good morning LA. Let the day begin!
RT Good idea! RT : Put your twitter handle on your name tag at any conference you go to!!!
by this time tomorrow, Mark Zuckerberg will be worth 7 times more than Oprah.
...the very best one yet! my #athomepeeps tell me i say that every year, but every year its true!
Dueling pianos! @ Gibliano Brothers
this is my uncle (he is my real uncle) Hi uncle Peter :D
MLB has nothing to do with the award. It is the Baseball writers. Let the appeal process finish then call him whatever you want.
Free parking in the Smart Park tonight if you enter between 4&6 and leave by 8pm! To celebrate, all non-red tag clothing is 15% today only!
What's happening, opera world?
I told him, At my age, I don't even buy green bananas
I'm happy I got to see Dom & Aaliyah today :)
We got ur back! “: Hey! Everyone: Once the show starts lets starts blowing up the phone line, computer, and whatever else.
I tend to #procrastinate if tasks have a historically low reinforcing value. #ABAchat is more reinforcing than washing the dishes.
Ha! I follow and am followed by quite a few ppl at #cildc and I haven't been f2f with any of them.
Yeah . THE NEWS Lmfao
Bummer when your bday goes from epic to septic #shit happends
I need to make some changes in my life.
Tonight @ Nola's...we have Sweet Baby J'ai from 7pm-10pm, the after work cool down. 734 E. 3rd St., Downtown, Los Angeles, 90013
We're open! Come say hi to Joseph.
I think it may be time for a drink at ...
I would but my dad is using tv and my brain is still fried ;) $$$
sounds like i missed a good Party,
patience is a virtue. forms are being signed by administration.
I like to favorite tweets rather than retweet them.
If you like Johnny, then you need to see me perform Blazing Tongues: Johnny Hartman and Ralph Ellison at Lenox Lounge 5/11.
Ever needs a little N. Sparks in their life :)
“I'm very excited to join the Washington Capitals organization” - Tomas Vokoun, July 2, 2011
we buy residential rehabs or #multifamily re-position. We currently are only buying in
Your skin can change from day to day, so check it out in the morning
But my foot tho !! Smh this can't be life!!.
My husband doesn't respect my #RHOBH time... Doesn't he understand?! There is no talking when bravo is on! Capeesh ?
follow for a live tweet of brain surgery going on right now
Just returned from my nephew Thomas' award ceremony where he received the Academic Achievement Award. Congratulations Thomas!
lmao long time no talk
I think I'm going to treat myself to a frozen pizza after my test. WHAT
Seeing my family have it all took the place of that desire for diplomas on the wall
Severe damage throughout North Texas. Arlington, Lancaster, Forney hit hard by tornados.
PRAYING for your dad, you & your family today! LOVE YA!
 “: Only thing bigger than my ego is my mirror”
Are you trying to lose weight? What are your reasons and how is your focus?
call me
Playing solo piano tonight at Red, White + Bluezz tonight in Pasadena, 6:30-9:30, come hang!
if yu wanna make some money hit me up, str8 up no bs, i am not doin yall in
lmao!! Leave bones ..I mean TYGA alone
Happy birthday to my Lil bro you've come along was from bolingbrook. I wish you continued success!!!
hope u like Florida!this is my home state!:)
No it's not too late! Call today. 914-533-0333. xoxoxo
It's funny, you have a gf yet you flirt with everyone. Way to be committed
Please make that a promise.
In college, I made a film using (digitized) 8mm footage my grandfather shot during the 1940s-60s.
j Stewart or Brandon Jacobs at 2 rb?
They will make a movie about this season and Man City winning the title. Unbelievable end to the season.
lol I will
no no no ur not just 'that merch girl'. Ur the most cutest and beautiful merch girl ever with the funest personality too :)
House Clerk Steve James, former #DiMasi chief of staff Maryann Calia in the courthouse expecting to deliver testimony.
..nothig at all
This Florida weather reminds me of the perfect storm.
I agree=) I have some ideas about that too!=)
Who has
Off to Montana to backpack in Glacier Nat'l Park. Armed with my #Leica D-Lux and mace for the Grizzlies!! I'll have some fun pix to share!!
What's in your head
Got certified in Turbo Kickboxing today! I am completely exhausted but so happy about kicking butt today.
Well, at least the #Celtics won.....
I've heard a couple of folks at casually say that iOS/Android clients are a fad. What do you think? Is the future apps, web or both?
This facilitator has the patience of a saint. Lots of axes being ground tonight, amidst bright and positive voices.
Fun ra nights :)
rammstein and combichrist at tacoma dome on may 15th!
Jeff you are always welcome for a visit.
Stay tuned to find out about the scrumptious menu that will be served at the Celebrando 2012
Sweet! Excited to get started using this for cataloging the urban landscape, eager to share. Congrats again on the #whereconf win.
one day it will help me push amazing new software to your computer without issue!
always room for you :-)
woke up to run, but the storm prevented me from getting out. Now no time to run today since I have meetings until 9PM. Tomorrow!
no we are not. But it would be nice.
I just asked a 8 year old kid who his favorite rapper was, he said
Best wishes today,
Lots of librarians at the airport. But, c'mon... Take the badges off.
#Follow me on instagram >>>>
I ate half a chunk, and mouth is on fire. I'll stick with the spicy (Jalapeno) spears
I'm about to be like this right now.
what up wit it
Yup wasn't nothing but trouble anyway :/ RT : ditto for me. Except I never got to go around the block, lol.
this feeling <<<<
any day is a good day for ice cream.
Not sure how to interpret these circumstances: One week ago, I took a defensive driving course. Last night had a dream about a car accident.
Just finished the #booktrailer for Slant of Light by & am very happy. I'll be posting it soon.
The Shot in the Dark Stout #homebrew kit is finally here. Apparently we need to make a yeast starter.
cool story
haha i dont even know him but one night he called my dad asking for a ride. My dad asked "Jake do you know a Jeremy Gonzalis" haha
- Geisha Doll, gangbanger or ? #hideous makeup
cant wait for your new single to come out!! reply plzz ;)
I see u homie
Thanks for the follow. We'd LOVE to work with you to get Act Up's message out and crowdsourced to the media.
Easy, Izturis. I hated him when he first signed.
Watching Piers Morgan on CNN - Why is Santorum wearing a vest with his own name on it? Does he think we'll forget who he is?
Add me on facebook
We love having you here at the Mission!
Please let that tiny Eurasian out from under your piano bench & come to Show this Friday! M Bar Hollywood!
then how u expect Me to calk to ur school
Stuck at home all day again !
Last words: thank you so much to the amazing cast and crew of 'Empire State'. We will follow different roads, but I'm certain the future(..)
15m: Seems the rain main be causing issues for both teams. Hang on to the egg!
“: Why do I lose my school ID on a daily basis?? #frustrated #imhungryyy” story of my life -.-
Mets put C Thole on 7-day DL with concussion (The Associated Press)
Awesome news!!! Congrats Well deserved!!!
You who were once far away have been brought near by the blood of Christ... Have hope, have God
- why not - could have aging detectives with cats, etc.
oh my gosh..abbey look at your butt
Our professor doesn't even know the title of our project...this final paper should go great.
Rubio on : "I would make the forceful case to Gov. Romney that #ForeignAid actually gives us leverage.. throughout the world."
"We werent meant to be one of them, but to live life. Love and give!"
This week is all about NF for kids. I'm doing a workshop for writers on finding stories. And my 7th graders are writing NF picture books.
This drives me to order new parka sooner than anticipated: MT Coolest day + first time high hasn't hit 70 in DC since May 14
ACT had a net profit of $30M as a 'non-profit' in latest posting I could find.
I read my horoscope and his <3.
Yahoo Sports has Matt Kalil as Cleveland's projected pick. That made me laugh.
Just watched kill it at the Hard Rock in pgh
I bin good just skoo & Working. I miss you too - Derrick
"i never give a damn about a hater: got money on my radar"
#wla12 is an excellent moderator: sharp questions, good followup, useful summary.
Kinda believe almost all ESPNers are replaceable. Seems like the machine makes the talent, not the other way around.
My nephew will be 11 tomorrow....I am gonna cry! He's like my own
you should take conducting. Everyone had to do it at my undergrad place, and then again as a doc student at ucsd.
Debate after the panel with etal. Who do you trust to curate up&coming fiction? Who are the gatekeepers now, rly?
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought it was stupid, now... :-)
Forever alone
Point of Originality -- automated lexical analysis to "see" students' language migration from paraphrase to mastery. Wow.
It is appalling that would publish that. Sports media NEEDS more journalists of color
ok school now bye
Damn, you got me.
ShindigTarot.com is giving free videochat Tarot readings from Professionals with interactive decks to everyone today only!
spurs should be ready to compete for another chip
Ugh, I just asked if we could take this amendment by consent.
is having lunch with the rightful long lost Grand-Duke of Luxembourg, who was stolen as an infant by gypsies.
Getting ready for non-stop ones... Eastern time that is. The Europeans already had their fun... Pyramids still standing...
sprained my thumb! ouch
Patient: Why did you charge me a group rate?Psychiatrist: You've got multiple personalities.
Breast Cancer Awareness month is October. Sign up with Tucson Alarm and your first year's monitoring goes to fight breast cancer.
Can we end the baseball season now that the Mariners have a winning record, before they fuck things up?
They need to play some #DestinationLoveland to really take it to that zone !!
Don't look for bug references, look for "uninhabitable". Look at Arlington law for with holding rent with escrow accounts.
If Ramon Sessions guarding Westbrook sounds like a stupid idea, I like it.
seriously contemplating mailing medical records an envelop full of feces if they don't answer the phone today. #tooharsh?
Love #UKBaseball, but $55 for outfield deck admission to Regionals?
Synced my work email to my Droid today. Yonkers.
HUGE FAN OF YOU GUYS!!! the Sox are ss going to the series this year
Ok! On to the New Year! How many Actors out there have the Resolution to be famous before 2012?
what's your favorite type of sandwich?
- yes, we could have used a conservative columnist!
The halls are crawling with
I will take a beat out of the day 2 stop and smell the roses!! :) Happy Friday!! :)
i see u boi
This episode was pretty good. I can't believe there are only 2 episodes left.
You do have a lot to talk about! You did it with the oil spill song didn't you?
Just started a City of Boston Archives twitter. Follow us
if you wanna get them slow and work at it (what I did for over a year lol) ask people to follow4follow :] I'll start you off :]
X to Oh, part 2
I'm pissed I can't see my boys this weekend. Family lake Easter weekend blows. I'm comin to ATX nxt weekend
Hey Bro, thanks again for the analysis. I do think it's what I've been looking for and will make a viable film now
She probably hate me now smh i dont hate her no hard feelings at all
Good morning, Tweetpeeps! It's a new day! Start it how ever you wish... just start it on a good note! Luv you all!
yup, it will be a bit not with them at the moment!
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 33
Clippers and grizzles look like a mma fight. These boys aint playin
Happy hour > nap
u dyed ur hair?
I'm good! Busy at work with the summer exhibit trying to keep the To Do list from exceeding the length of the paper. But TGIF!
all the way in paintlick?!
Who am I to judge the Caps. I haven't showered and just ordered a sub from a place I can see from my window.
Good luck RT : In 3 weeks, I'll be starting work 's office in DC!! Couldn't be more excited.
I will alert the AZ authorities that you two are on route.
RT : Q2) What benefits does performance support provide that formal programs often fail to deliver?
Good Friday! We're open today and tomorrow. Come see us!
A team of heritage masons, material scientists and historic masonry specialists were privileged to work at the MIT Main Group Bldg No. 2
#w3dge12 forgot to mention yesterday that came to DC to help us prep for our Twitter launch. Thanks Mike!
I can send you over some more info on the options for if you like. What's a good email address?
Haha. I always hear that from straight men. What's the deal, man? Plus, you don't call. You don't write. Sheesh!
The way you can tell I don't pay attention with the world is I just found out ryan dunn is dead
I love you!!
I've got the cutest idea for my anniversary with , just need luck to be on my side ><
Your goal is to out hit, and out score the opponent. --Rick Manning What a fucking jackass
You have one?! That's so awesome. I'll keep an eye out for it! :)
Thanks for the retweet Chris!
I'm just tryna make it easier for you babe.
Just found out my sister is expecting a baby boy! Can't wait to buy him lots of gear.
i want to wait for the bus but it passes at 4 o:
Waiting to go to theovies with they guys
Thanks for following me on twitter and !
Tomorrow i'm gonna upload some Spencer List pics :D
glad to see you finally moved out of your parent's house.
Thanks for the review Justin! We appreciate your support!
I think you are right, because it takes 2 way conversation for community but only 1 way for an audience.
only where booze is concerned!
shoiuld not sing beach boys....
Waited in line with some nice fellas at Universal Studios a couple years ago. Never knew it was until today.
Ted Nugent Furious Army Nixed Gig Over Obama Comments, Does He Have A Point? - Cinema Blend
I really dnt care
Heyo! Thanks for following!
or maybe she did notice... Haha
lol kind of true. Good seeing you!
HOST YOUR OWN PARTY OF 10 OR MORE AND GET IN FREE!!! YOUR GUEST WILL BE TREATED TO THE BEST IN DOWNTOWN PHOENIX,
"something is technically wrong" can be said of magic and computer technology
Stayin at my fams house, playin some Call of Duty MW3, leave me the f%ck alone!
Anyone know 1 of the first "online Providers" , along with AOL, was Delphi-- #Boston based?
Haha, wowzers! It's odd having people recognize me. But thank you! I was trying my best! Alex sings a little too high for me
Chilling @ my dad's house until traffic dies down
I would really like to be asleep right now
So you've tried the free travel for beautiful people? :-)
In a bit of pleased disbelief on IN primary results this eve. Congrats to all.
Saw a 16 and pregnant commercial and she said "since I got prego I can't cage fight" well duh!
Holy bed time...gotta be up in 5 hours...it was worth it though!
Something about the bookstore... It feels so safe here. Comforting but exciting.
"Don't mistake activity for achievement"
Sounds fun!!
That's sweet of you :)
. pr0tip: tell chick-fil-a to come to minneapolis.
Bored out of my mind in class
My dad just told me he doesn't know who Hugh Jackman is. To twist the knife, he said, "I've never seen X-Men."
Bolt's first 100 of 2012 is tonight in Jamaica vs. 2008 silver medalist Richard Thompson, Doc Patton, Nesta Carter. I believe ~9:05pm ET.
Can't wait to say I knew way back before he was famous from being on ESPN all the time
Matt Bonner has been pretty quiet.
Watching #doctorwho and having a blast.
How lucky we are to live in San Diego! What fun things do you have planned for the family this weekend?
Starting to study for my Advanced Sommelier exam with Arthur! He knows so much more than I do, so it's helping motivate me.
While we all love to be pampered, massage should also be viewed as an essential practice of health maintenance.
This fan base... some people annoy the poo outta me... but most I love to death. Seriously Arianators come up with the greatest things ever!
if i could go to any haunted place in the world it would be bobby Mackey just to see if it as haunted as ppl say it is
Faith is the knot at the end of your rope.
My daddy has serious control issues and it wont get him anywhere in life!
Now that you are in Milwaukee again, want to come to again this year? June 9th.
oh, okay
this could hurt the case for
Itz crazy how somebody can treat u so good then suddenly jus stop fukin wit chu!!!
yes! I will physically cry if we get tickets..
Such an awesome way to ring in the new year last night at Bottom of the Hill with Thanks to all who came out!
I consider myself a GA fan and I can understand the majority of criticism "The Hold Steady act" I cannot understand.
Or a show on which dumpy cis-women get fashion and makeup advice from drag queens. I'd want to be on that show.
Beez in the Trap.
When I put God first, He helps me with all my other priorities. ~ Al Hartley
Y'ALL, OMG LETS GET THE KARDASHIANS AND JENNERS TO TELL ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
I eat Mozzarella today. Period ; )
The foolishness right now on my TL....smh
lol the studio not that bad jess i seen worst dude lol
you should have Bing'd it. Just joking. No one uses Bing!
To Sleepy.. I'm out #Lightbulb#
Councilman Olszewski says he will offer amendment to strike public accomodations from bill.
Mexican Independence Day is today! A heartfelt thank you to all of our Mexican friends and customer who enrich our lives every day.
Frank Francisco is the Mets' version of Wayne Hunter.
Finally going to bed after 13 hours of studying/ paper writing... Z
Ford is rumored to be considering the development of a new full-size rear wheel drive platform to underpin a replacement
Everyday is Alex name day ! Thx for sharing: RT : Today is ALEX name day in Hungary, so HAPPY NAME DAY !!
About to ride the bull with and
Virginia, Maryland punt on billions needed for roads - Washington Examiner
On 12-31 major TV ntwrls will honor Steve Jobs - & they should. But will they also honor the 131 #police #lodd?
I didn't like his performance & he looks like he's in pain when he sings!
If we did an event, how could we get agents to participate?
Yes--and mine just took me into unfamiliar waters. A lot of research is in my future. Enjoy!
You've got to check out the awesome new printer in town: Give 'em some serious #FF love.
Keep us updated... plz..
Thanks for the event you created on FB for this Sat 5/5
Thank you to all of you who have been following & enjoying the info provided. I will continue to do so as I can. Pls let others know also.
kool aid and frozen pizza :p
well thats annoying
This girlnext to me is breathing like a dying 120 year old man
cookies and milk
I also miss COME BACK TO OHIO! ): wahhh
Shut up...loll
If only, if only.
Do you take non-union actors? Are all the actors represented across the board? Thanks!
I'm pretty sure you should be.
Thanks for the #FF! Keep on promoting libraries and librarians.
How many picture frames should a person own? While packing, I have come to think I own more than "normal"!
So happy it's Saturday & a three day weekend! Cleaning, however, did not start at 6:00 with enthusiasm as planned. New start time: noon-ish
i need better pictures, ugh :/
Aww :( the family is out of town drinking a #bluemoon and watching
In the game of life it's a good idea to have a few early losses,
HTML 5 and CSS 3 are making web designers become software engineers. via
i was wearing a red shirt..with white ou hat
#youwassexyuntil you clipped your toenail, and it hit me in the face
another audition...
cant wait!
Lunch with Ma
Ok Teague....your shot limit is up for the 1st half. Drive and dish.
1 girl told me she luv to let her pussy breath a lot lbvs
get better!
NJoying dinner@ Pigskin Club Awards Dinner- DC Youth Rock!
Someone tell malyah im on fya she should work tonight!
like that idea!!!!
"Check out my new face lift(website)! www.loofahsoapsncreations Does it say cheeky?...me???
Bad loss for ur Bucks bro ...
Right now I'm just thinkin things through...
Looking forward to playing the Stone Pony on January 13th! Tickets at ticketmaster.
only complaint: never thot i would b trying to learn how to walk again on my 40th birthday {which is thursday}. such a slow process. lol.
re; my last two re-tweets...the first as i say is a RE-tweet, so i am not responsible for the (IMHO)..hilarious mis-spelling of the word...
My daughter is in route, she'll b here in a few hrs! :-)
hm? Except you just posted on Twitter!
Enjoy! Thanks for using ShowClix. Have a wonderful weekend :)
Are you a Tennessee Williams fan by choice or osmosis? :)
Library faculty meeting with the provost soon .. quite jittery, because I don't know what to expect at all.
no, unless you mean the grown men slapping each other with foam swords at summit city.
Also, great book rec. Sanj is hooked on Game of Thrones!
Wife to A Mom, Grandma, Co-Pastor of Rivergate Church (Formerly Open Bible Fellowship) Tulsa, OK, Hungry for more of God!
This tattoo definitely looks best on me when I am naked.
You can't compare to diamonds because you are so much stronger, brighter, and beautiful.
A reporter who shall remain nameless revealed that he/she had no idea who Gloria Steinem is. Either I'm old or we are in trouble.
. begins on Monday! Have you signed up to attend all the fantastic, no-cost sessions you can handle?
Yeah, I mean a homogenized market is bad for everyone. Especially the creative people BEHIND the games.
so happy it worked out!
I can't watch anymore Montreal games, so I'm watching vampire diaries.
ok thank u!
Just recorded an interview with We talked musical history, & about her new album, Children of a Factory Nation coming in Sept.
Me either! I remember when hubby first started watching & was finding something else to do, he asked to watch one & I got hooked :)
On set in Staten Island for tv show School Spirits - sorority girls & their ghost encounters. Freaky broke down house = no acting reqd.
Bout' to head to work! / on that $$$ flow
that place is in my neighborhood. It's magical! And delicious!
#hth2012 teaching project management, learning by doing, lots of guided self direction, collaboration
4 checked in and made weight. Just the coach now
Watching S2E3 of "Kingdom": That's supposed to be an American accent. Ha! Gotta love it!
Proclaim His name.
LOL I keep saying no to Mr. Bean bc I think I don't like it; I think I should give him another shot! Good idea, keep em comin!
Don't forget to use #LCcommencement with your tweets this weekend! So glad to have you in PDX!
Perfect! Just stay at the airport until 7:30 tonight and I'll come say hi :)
Are you receiving heavy rain & thunder this AM? If so, report your location & time. Thanks!
Excited for 's #superPAC training in DC this weekend! Cc
I missin u too....
good luck...what are you doing for the rest of the day tomorrow?
Follow me me love you!!
in class (: omg my twitter is unfollow people -.-
& : Thanks for the RTs! Were you at #bio2011 this year?
At Black Male Identity Youth Exhibition and Community Celebration. Amazing event. Youth performances have been incredible.
Make the time! Join me TODAY for a call with #Momentis that cannot be missed! Dial in 1-877-764-8713. Use PIN: 124807# at 1:00pm EST
hair takes forever
Going out ttyl twitter
Getting ready for #Forum2012. Lee will be representing in Denver - want to meet up?
If you read this, Mr. FIOS guy, yes, you did sense some awkwardness when you came to my front door.
I hope so too! I'll be there volunteering tomorrow!
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions – Naguib Mahfouz
I used to work with a guy whose last name was Eggenberg. To make matters worse, he looked like Humpty Dumpty.
THAT'S RIGHT D-TRIX.
dinner buffet sounds lovely while contemplating
Rondo. Stop.
Why do I have the Bee Gees in my head right now wtf
I don't want to talk about it hahahahahaha.
I have make up smeared everywhere. It looks like I got punched in the eye lol.
Thanks for the idea! That kind of thing would probably be perfect for the Market Days downtown next month.
Welcome to Dinosaur Annex's home in twitter! Looking forward to connecting with all our new music tweeters!
Direct Mailing Svcs include: Digital Mail Box, Ink Jet Addressing, Folding, Tabbing, Label Application & much, much more! 505-899-3104
I don't see nothing wrong with a little bump n grindin
thank ya!
Tim, I wasn't able to DM you back, but great to e-meet you as well. cheers.
no fucks given nowadays
After five, some people who are TOO programmed still talk shop like they are still at work
Feel good today
I follow you if you are into
Hearing rumors that Cincy center Yancy Gates is in talks to star in a black remake of The Incredible Hulk.
So true! Your new path can take you to amazing places!
Women will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.
aiite you eat it.. And when you sick as shit throwin err where ima look at you and say #WAYTORESPECTTHEHUSTLE lol clown
hey, your a singer from texas? :) me too! where can i hear your music?
Thanks! There is some good stuff coming up in the next few issues of the magazine too. Definitely worth checking out!
you live it.
RT : Celebrate Cinco de Quatro tonight - art, music, entertainment, food and more!
Huge win for the Hoosiers! Purdue students wear black latex gloves in the student section...really?
even if its to make fun of him?
Well I’m heading off. Good night all where it is night, & good morning to all those where it’s morning. Thx for the company.
Did you know #Oregon grows 99% of commercial hazelnuts in the US?
Hope you are having a great Friday! love for you to come in some time for dinner
Nothing like sitting outside of accounts waiting for someone to show up.Sit for 20 minutes,take the order in 30 sec. Commission....90 cents.
mario 3d land is the best handheld game so far! sony gotta step their game up!
Thanks for writing !
no problem fool. You like twitter?
Yes, it is a 10 part series. They are on part 4. Would love to hear your thoughts!
Dear internet, as we ramp up this whole "end of the world" thing, keep in mind its "Maya" not "Mayans." Sincerely, The Maya.
Happy Autumn my LOVELIES!
Retribution! And, do you know the zoo keepers monkeys too!
5 more likes until we hit 500! Share with your friends, family, co-workers, & strangers!!! Let's hit 500 today!
Big Bill offers his expertise to any attendees of the G8 Summit in May. Angela Merkel, call me if you need a plus-one at the banquet!
shouts to for being a most loyal follower haha
so tired of trying to impress people, tired of being nice to people and them not caring. time to find REAL friends
thinking about Black Star, Thieves in the NIght "there's never no in between"
#Grammys was full of Adele .... Phenomenal!
Thank you! You just made our day too!
I gt you babes!
awesome, I love that shade, pics soon please! ;)
Lol RT : Let's start a new hashtag #TWP tweet while pooping come on let's get tweet while pooping trending who else
The sportage down and out? Need a rental
Pacers chill the fuck out for a second.
yeah lol I ment to say ASSes but instead I said "assessing" haha stupid predictive txt! My bad, I just noticed
Nature is a language and every fact one learns is a new word.
I like to stay to myself. That means no kids
dudee i'm actually crying now... THIS FUCKIN SUCKS
Brett is going to Horseman's bachelor party this summer.. I am thinking girls weekend to come visit you that weekend????
Thank you and I support you. I am a former battered woman. I wrote one of the first books on it in America. Nancy
Taking Nikki to a burlesque show, like a good big sister.
New or used bass? look at used stuff first,many good instruments can be found in great condition at good prices.Don,t get hung up on brands.
you are quite welcome! We seem to have the same sports philosophy. Will have to do this again!
oh! That should be fun. They are perfectly round. Creative :)
sure love (:
New penny stock pick $PLPE. Just bought
Haha :P Ninjaness? :P Hehe =) Okay, I Will Try Not To Leave Again :P =) I Missed You Too :)
In about a month ;)
RT : One of the art world's most recognizable images- Edvard Munch's "The Scream" - has sold for a record $119,922,500.
Can not wait to start throwing parties this summer
RT: Headed to the 15th #Indians #holyshit Me: Thanks for telling me... turned it on. Tribe got a break with bad bunt by Davis.
Damn we have go the locker room and talk to Kobe. [Gasol & Bynum voice]
How are you dear?
#ThingsThatEveryoneWants to be successful in life<3
I can't believe Adele didn't win anything at the People's Choice Awards! The people have bad taste in music. :-(
when are you gonna step back in and beat some ass like in the old days
This is my 84th tweet I have 84 followers and I follow 357 people can any one please follow me and reach to 100
thank u:)
How might this impact silver prices, if at all?
Wearing shorts because it's finally 60 degrees..
Going back to sleep. Early rising. Night world.
HubSpot’s Lead Notification and Prospect Tracking is a simple tool that notifies users whenever a lead returns to their site
Twitter is boring...
probably Saturday , before noon .
So the martial law test was playing Paparazzi by Lady Gaga in background, on direct tv at least. how appropriate.
you could of asked nicer you fuckin jerk =)
alright well I'll be there at about 830 or 9
whats next is you go shopping and get a new hair do.
#INLegis "smokefree" exemptions turn nursing homes into "need-more-nursing" homes. Sick air = more sick care.
In that MUSIC zone, gone af
to me, those are synonymous
Wisdom of the Day: "The most important relationship you will ever have is the one you have with yourself." - Dr. Noah H. Kersey
Oh my god MARGARET IS FINALLY PLAYING IN DC!?
Nook tablet? I will definitely be investing in one of those 😝
hahaha "The wheels still turning, but the hamsters dead"
Went grocery shopping - $144.91. Lot more than excpected but we now have food in the house.
its a beautiful thing
thanks man. I might have to! haha
I need some more #DMEswag to round out my #ThreeSheets and #ZaneFestivus collections
: lol yea. so do you work?
was the shiz last yr! RT : Sounds classy when British dudes drop F-bombs still missing
Get this.. It's also one of 's dads favorite movies.. He owns the DVD too.
We cleaned the joint up from last night, time to tear it up again Sunday Funday Ya'll. JC
agree Jon G. No place in the game for home plate collisions. Don't know why they allow it in pro ball.
My DVR is set, lady! RT Checkout my episode of NCIS:LA tonight at 9pm on CBS!!! It's a good one, I promise!!!!
next time we cater and you're around, we'll be sure to bring a little extra for your bowl! :)
I want I want I want to be love by you
Bout to go coach the kids in their third game, hopefully they win...
Today i learned in RIT's Steve Jacobs's talk on video games that in 1915, movies weren't considered art. Take that Roger Ebert!
Last day to buy any full-priced espresso beverage before 11am, bring back your receipt after 2pm same day & get 1/2 off any espresso!
We should see some nice dunks from Blake tonight!
High levels of fat in the blood have a strong correlation with high blood pressure, so select foods that have 5 grams of fat or less to eat.
As an actor, I'll say this. I will take my chances with my career to make sure leftists are as miserable as they...
Hell yea dirty base. 
Calli misses you !
almost got smacked by a car....guess I better go write another HIT! Haha
I'm feeling a tweet spree coming on.. Prepare for random thoughts
that was the only acceptable answer..
Done and done! Congrats on passing the $5K mark! Have a great walk! #giveeveryday love
I respect every girl that falls asleep with their phone in their hand waitin for that goodnight text or call and waking up to nothin.
Matt LaPorta just doesn't look like a big leaguer to me. So over matched all the time
Exactly I am as shocked as anyone. It's MLB backwards. We were just used to blown save after blown .......
VOLUNTEERS: clean up day, Monday 7/18 at 7pm contact us for more info
i have no idea let me check.
The Federation will be filming the commercial for Revenj Jeans this Saturday. Our first washes will debut on September 28th!
agreed. Blackmarket baby
#KIPP schools can use LiveSchool to manage their paycheck system entirely through an iPad!
will you mary me ?
As for me, I will glory in the cross!
Will that open the door for Rennie Curran at LB?
Oh, hell yeah it is!
End this game already Cards!
I should be packing, but I'm now officially addicted to Words with Friends.....thanks a lot :-)
More shibboleths: RT Creativity researchers: Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi ... Me-high Chick-sent-me-high
AND AND, AND TWIST
I just dont get where the Spurs find all these diamond in the roughs!
there's something about 22 days lately...lol these 22 days better go as fast as the last 22..
That was pretty, while maybe unintentional, very pretty!
“: "I love your crocs" Said by Nobody, Ever.” this made me think of you and your love of CROCS!!!
Swisher Homers Here..
Great things cooking with , literally! Stay tuned
Good luck to everyone racing at IMNO this weekend!! Jealous
Do you ever wish you had a handful of stickers that just say "Dumbass" on them to hand out to people?
Saw you along with Uncle Earl on KET last night. Love your voice, playing and style. Had to have your CD. I will follow you.
A fantastic sing board displayed in highways for encouraging slow driving "Mr LATE" is always better then "LATE Mr."
Happy days!
taking out my contacts IM SO BOSS AT THIS. -lauren hi derek
Every company should have a crisis-management plan. Makes both of our lives easier.
lol how was I not already following you?
I guesses....
Gotta Early Christmas Present this Yr. That Made Da holiday a lil warm and a little soft.
RT : There's a White Belt Intensive at my Studio over 2 weekends in August (10-12 and 17-19). I can't wait!!!
your girl is so high maintance I don't know how you do it bro.
Hello Nice to hear from you. I believe that we know Phil Lazarus in common. Have a great day.
Latest on the Hialeah shooting is coming up on NBC6 after weather
Fair. It's just, mostly I was always like, "Yay, an excuse to read Shakespeare!" Unless it was, like, Heart of Darkness. BLEH
Or maybe I just hate when my past dates/ex boyfriends pop up on my screen.
what's your fave basketball team steve?
Watching for class... gotta love that State education :)
I hope so too. Keep in touch, when you're nearby.
Get ready to get Driked tonight!
i did:) lol
Morning twerps!
twitter on the web is acting up again. anyone else ?
Punch your time clock and come on down to Small Bar Fullerton tonight to talk beer with Randy Mosher!
Also, you should know that is defending this decision. She says that your name is not that weird.
Alright Canadians, you win! Now shipping to Canada! RT Total balls that doesn't ship to canada :(
I would love nothing more than to cook for you on a daily basis.
So is mine! The headsup for 2Gals CD with Flashcards.
Wish I could go back to Texas
happy mothers day!!:)
Haha. That would be good
sexually frustrated. <<<
SNAC emerging in the digital library world: wins Best Paper award at Theory and Practice of Digital Libraries 2011 Berlin conference. Yay.
hey. Went to Gotham Miami the weekend before. What a scene! Got anymore Miami food suggestions? Goin back Monday.
Well more shopping today an than hit tha club tonite wit tha gurls
Homan:. It is truly an honor and privilege to be selected as your Provost
Bosh out indefinitely after MRI reveals strained abdomen
And just so you know, I don't put out in the first 15 minutes, or until the Viagra kicks in, which ever comes first.
After 8 years of bringing readers “Signs of Life in Music, Film & Culture,” sources confirm that Paste magazine is calling it quits.
THE LEADERS AND THE BEST!
awesome! Can't wait to serve you :)
Confusing tweeters.
Happy new year!
Hey all! Craft night for #bannedbookweek projects tonight..We're making book safe's! I want one in the shape of a
MINDS: Profs have trouble performing remediation on struggling students.
maybe the next video we do should be a zombie music video...
plus, it's a wonderful reason to show up late for mla...
My nigga don't lie!
Thanks all you guys are the best. I'm really getting tired of this Len guy! #DWTS Get your vote on now!!!! Lol
Listening to a cd I made in 2010. I listened to techno mostly.
It's time to crash some DC par-tays hehehe
Peace to Acquire your ultimate goals may work best because violence will begat more death! The establishment wants you mad as hell 4 its NWO
We've oil heat & it's crazy expensive. I live in an OLD 3 story house though. Depends on size of place, how well insulated, etc.
Why don't you follow me? I'm starting to say Never.
without question,
Got some COOL Caroline Kole updates on the way!
i can't. i do not have a phone. you can text or leave a message at 774-277-9202 RT : hit my cell
I didn't know I had so many facebook friends who loved the Beastie Boys. RIP MCA
I see hope everything gd with ur health get well soon
Only a few more redesigns left for the fall stuff and I'll be ready to plan a photo shoot!
We are constantly amazed at how much great music is out there.
so ready for this celtics and 76's game go off cuz im ready to see my #LAKERS!!
Going to be in a music video.... OH YEA!!!!
My daughter is enjoying #ACL right now and I'm at home...what's wrong with this picture? ;-)
I'm ready to go to bed.. Lmfao
“: Thanks to for the introduction!”/ur welcome. Ck out free pizza subreddit. Awesome
did u see the response to what I wrote!? Hahaha they answered the exact reason why they leave to the CHL!!!
Sometimes it's reallllyyy hard to be a germophobe
Haha! No, no, don't take it personal. The recommendations are based on classes that your friends are taking, watching, etc.
Good night my Europeans.
Our annual gala is May 17!
isn't that terrible?!? It really makes for a terribly long day.
I'm out of it this morning. I wish I could just lay back down...😒
Robert C. Pollock~ Love God and trust your feelings. Be loyal to them. Don't betray them.
right on, mention us when it's out!
Am i a creeper?
going to look..
nice. Vietnam vets are badasses... Everyone thats in wished theyy could be like those guys. Especially machine gunners, which i am
Is that my Browns flask?
I checked out your ozonemag Fantabulous! I think you and Lingerie are an Awesome Duo. Keep bringing it.
RT If you were ever a Buzzie at ! -CS
Endorsed RT NO PLEASE LET'S JUST PRETEND THIS WILL ALWAYS BE REAL!!
Can we put brackins in game 2 just to rose rondo? Wrong? You bet
4 day weekend here I come!!!
aaaahhhh Glee and Bieber. Nothing better.
Welcome home- if u haven't found a church home yet, would love to have you join me at
Always keep your head up girl......you truly are an inspiration
we here LOVE Flamenco!
We called it Gap Tag. You had to touch the back wall of the store without being "helped".
Ohforcrissakes, you guys. I'm begging you to borrow my copy of the Hipster Style Guide.
Belle Wheelan of SACS to speak at 2010 CHEA Annual Conference and International Seminar. See the Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
can't wait to celebrate Valentines Day tonight Bella
Anyone wanna do something today? It's the only day I am free all weekend.
Im so sick & tired of your face .
Im going to go to sleep heartbroken tonight knowing you havent noticed me:'( </3
Maybe the #flyers would score more goals if the musical reward was Bro Hymn
very nice! Squirrel netting is key. my cilantro looks like a minefield right now..
on my personal page or the company?
Knowing I would play a position that I had not played for 5 or 6 years I would strengthen my core in the off season & be ready to go. Sayin'
i dont know what to wear on saturady love/:
Let her back? #CLT -needs- :)
Meet and Greet:-)C
It's being debated right now. Who do you want in CF - Josh Hamilton or Matt Kemp? I don't think there's a wrong answer.
It's Fun Friday so we'll use #Top10drupa for 10 ways you know you are going crazy at
psh! I'm in shorts weather right now in central Florida
"Processes and procedures for kids entering the school system will remain the same, but some funding might be cut," said Martavius Jones.
“: that was the longest argument ever #RHONJ” would you like to try something!? Lol
Let's arrange a time and we will drop off some goodies for you!
shit. Its almost over.
You are welcome, Hope you have a Wonderful Wednesday!
Im not your parents?! Lol alright.
Thanks for
Ooh, I want to live where Robert Lowell lived!
this feels better...
We need a ride to the mall who wants to take us
Love it! Glad you remembered! Love working with people building incredible things using
lol that's about it..
Patio loungin son!
haha some bartenders need to get more acquainted with that skip button
4-class day. Whew. Tried new instructional design content tonight. thx to zlatan. I did ok. Scvngr next week!
I'm so sorry for the delay. Been sick as a dog out of the office. How can we help?
You are going to the Onward Summit? That's great! I'll see you there!
Bought to get into this Pauline epistles class wit Dr. Jeon.... Yessirr
#MaraMonday Most Inspirational Moment was meeting youu<3 Now im more dedicated ICONiac then i ever was before(: thank you!
Vanessa L. Williams: "I never thought of myself as beautiful." (Essence, May 2012) Whaaa... How does that happen?
Fighting games are the only games where the character's scream random shit.
Cutting the first half of your essay and making it the last half of your essay. That's revision, right?
open your miiiiinnd
Great idea on cloud computing contracts, if you go out of business, we get the source code.
Its hilarious that Bill Murray ran around the bases n slid into home before throwing out the first pitch
Wanted, #CAPS #certified #OT, #Interiordesigner to work with #AIP clients. Contact or reply to this message. Cheers
i'm coming beginning of April IA, are u excited as hell
Company need recharge? Energy/relaxation..We come to your office/home/event with professional Reflexology. They love it! Great intro price
What is it about the average which makes voting tax breaks for the wealthiest appealing? Smoke and mirrors?
We met you guys at the school showcase...we have a gift for Daniel (I think-graphics guy?)
..... Don't know, butI love this idea ... great new biz idea ... fantastic concept!
do you have it online anywhere?
Man, that 4th Circuit was busy today, doing everything except health reform.
Heading to woodruff in ypsilanti for the Juliets' cd release party. Its gonna be a bash! See you there!
#FlirtFriday #Follow sweetneSs
NHL draft today and its a friday. What a great day
the plus side to my mom going to Germany. the chocolate she brings bad #ivenevertastedchocoloatesogood <3
Please do not cause yourself a heart attack with the unlimited supply of STEAK before you :)
ah im bored!!!!
It is, in the sense that was joking about it, so I designed and printed it up.
Heading to seek out, identify and secure Easter Eggs with 'Mini Me'! Exciting times! LOL.
On the way to the GYM
thanks. Send me some snippets dm for email
Are gas masks allowed? RT TONIGHT -- at Fillmore MB! Doors: 7:30p. Show: 8:30p.
Rock those fist pumps! We love the Jersey Shore guys!
Hayles describing very large multimodal game that she and 30 or so collaborators are building.
Problems with Twitterific all weekend. Anyone else?
Have to be honest, loved the #AVENGERS!
I saw a twitter name "pussy4lunch" which is worse...his mother looking over his shoulder or the possibility that he lives up to his name?
that's my feeling too. i'm still in the collecting stage so i haven't started dumping all my stuff into it yet.
I got the Death Cure book!
That twitter beef crapp it's fucking hilarious 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Converting an old PowerPoint into a good Prezi is hard work, but I don't think this tool will help much. Better to start from scratch.
What's all this pet food for? Fiber.
god hates me
In order for my Results to be Consistent with my Declarations, I must have Alignment with my Activity and my Declarations.
Coach I apologize for not giving you and your champion Lady Bulldogs congratulations earlier today! Job well done and deserving.
Launching my #Americanaccent App for #Korean #Japanese & #Chinese people. The #American #dialect explained. Did I use too many #s?
yea, from the er waitin to get triaged
88 dollars to my name tho :/
thst would suck if he deleted his twitter
#Bbworld11 now for section on "The Road Ahead".
ya u will make new friends =^__^=
#icantgoadaywithout Internet! I am a slave to it. Haha.
I can help with the 100 racquetball questions. Let me know? I can email a bunch over. :-)
phew what a day, 14 hrs today, 15 tomorrow, 10 on Friday then Fri night/Sat/Sunday first aiding at
When CSA survivors finally step out of the shadows and start talking its truly the first day of the rest of their lives.
Classic. *photography
im bout to twitter rape you. Lmao
Great Lineup Tonight on NWST with : on #Seahawks #Tebow and on #Blazers and Howard Non-trade KONG 11pm
we are happy as well :)
#Upgrade to this app
I'll treat you like a princess if that's what it takes.
Little Brat and Selling Knives to Jesus are submitted to DC Shorts Festival. Looking forward to seeing us on IMDB.
If you aim for nothing, you will get it!
my young niggas wildin' ... at least they money missions and not trigger happy ...
Tight ass high school game here!
thanks old pal!! Lol
" You know that nigga rich? Girl his name: Chris Brown "
If #sciencefiction is the #mythology of modern #technology, then its myth is tragic.
#king5 Help: Need Valentine drivers now($8/bqt) to all NW towns. Come to dispatch: 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
Take your time trust in me and you will find infinity<3 (: love that song:)
Yes it is my Friend.
I need a debit card..
Why do I think a sophomore is cute? I need to get outta here and go to college already...
haha, dude ikr! I have no balls to play with anymore :(
Its raining in Mississippi is it raining in your State too. Not that Mississippi is my State I just like saying MISSISSIPPI
Ewwww.... She Bald Head
The radio played Nsync's "I want you back" on the way to work this morning.. Love it
CANT WAIT TO GRADUATE !!!!
Rob Wilson is on twitter, get at him
Fuck You, Pay Me!
which beach? I'm in NC too
they are the best!
For production inquiries:
That awkward moment when everyone is talking about their skills and talents and I'm like, "I can breathe."
The Year Of Fear is on its last weekend come see if you will survive we open at 7pm!!
Have a great time!
or you fanning us while we tan
Just finished most of my song, now all I have to do is make up lyrics
Yeah, but how many times have you heard the words, "Kubiak got out coached by..."?
Random thought Jessica Sanchez is so good. :-)
My heart broke :( help, me put it back together? :)
All by design and implemented years ago. CFR. Red China will show up as the savior.Remember the Ghost cities were buit for a reason.
Thanks, Suse -- and thanks for being there for me.
you guys are great!!
oh no you don't! not brain food, drain food.
I need coffee
will you be at the franchises session in the ballroom? Would love to see you and say hi.
thank jesus for Incubus
The GLAAD Awards in Los Angeles brought mega star power to the travelling media awards show with celebrities young and old lining up behi
I did?
Comic People.... Follow ME!!!!... No clue where I'm going, but at least the ride will be fun!
ha! Well I always thought driving there was a pain. No interstate system and stop lights every few blocks!
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you!  26
Almost time 4 fastest hour in radio! Hoopsworld Bill Ingram, OU Insider James Hale and Husker great Jason Peter join Elissa Walker Campbell
i love u G. With all my heart and i will always save u even if it means i die.ill be ur dashing knight u'll be my princess
Throat is hurting like crazy! It's so bad I can't even sleep!
it was the best feeling ever. I just mighty try to purchase one
oh alright that's fine! I'll show you the worksheet I need tomorrow in class :)
Congrats to on his new job at
I would give up a year of my life to meet him
In a perfect world, I'd want to see + join the #Mavs together. Two good dudes
that would have been great! I do have to go back to work eventually, though. 13 hours down, 2 to go.
where are you kid
Happy 4th! switching to CTone Latin Jazz
Novacane baby BABY ❤
Aaron Rodgers is the MVP of the NFL.
All of my Twitter followers, please add me on Facebook: www.facebook.com/stephensamuelsantoro
Time to nut up or shut up
Oh dear. Hubs helped the boy clean his room last weekend & I just got a glimpse of the recycle box. There are things in there my son CREATED
Agreed! STUNNING. Perfect dress for her. RT : Octavia Spencer is simply stunning in Tadashi Shoji
Death wish! Don't do that!
Growing Up Google: How Cloud Computing Is Changing a Generation
Keep a look out for our baseball fantasy games!
im pretty sure you have a vagina
There you are!!! Soo slow haha
In honor of Earth Day, follow the folks : They do great work helping turn vacant BK lots into community gardens!
So hungry and so gladys mommy came home to make some
Thanks to all our new followers! Ask your #manta businesses to follow us and like us on Facebook!! We appreciate it!!!
I think I did C average work on my spanish presentation and my in class essay for poli sci.
and I think a person, once a new yorker, always a new yorker.
-sighs, hobbles away-
Webinar: Our new partner will discuss the role lead nurturing plays in a successful marketing campaign bit.ly/qLaD4U
Ive got 3 minutes to be in school and ive just left my house, mission on!.
Continuing our Life After College series, come ask recent alumni about what to expect after graduation. 7pm tonight in the library room 313.
I dunno. My boyfriend loves that crap.
we now have tutus for new borns,and beenie hats as well
Asylum skate park! Tomorrow! Be there! We will be with The Things They Carried! Exclamation!
God made you a masterpiece. See yourself strong, healthy, accomplishing your dreams, and living His abundant life!!
Obama made one of the most motivating and inspirational speeches I've heard in my life.
S/O To on da inquiry
Mob thru brooklyn; I am clod hearted; I seek up on you like japan did pearl harbor... I am fire stater back draft lol blancos !!!
...and yet those recently deceased are called "late." Therefore an early shade is all the more awkward...
Of course he did. That's awesome.
Wow, thanks for posting this! Great site.. I'll write up my first 750 tonight!
Part shandy, part berry and all delicious!
Wow now i am a total lover of lol <3 him !
Jesus will cleanup the floor of our Soul, spray a little salvation refresher, & take Satan outside to do His business Continued next tweet
Manhattan's rental market is thriving...and the most coveted accessory in New York City tech scene is a 212 area code.
I'm not girl interuppted? I would love for you to be my first customer from my web site. We can set up a skype reading :)
follow me jenn
What's good I'm down to do a track send me a beat, I'll DM you my e-mail.
THERE YOU GO, KENNETH
Good night, pickles
So glad to hear!! It is unbelievable!!
Going to see District 9 at 4:50 at the Drafthouse. YAY for getting out of the house. Extra YAY for the $5 milkshake.
Thanks for coming! RT Great marketing committee meeting with the
you been ditching out on twitter lately!!!!!
Show your love for others! Retweet!
ha. What does that even mean??
Reference work as we currently understand it is probably best thought of as a series of niche operations.
#DragRace hmm, I'm thinking i should audition for pit crew.
If u r like me & u only watch #TheBachelorette for the fashion, u MUST MUST follow ! You'll also laugh your @$$ off.
RT : Miller believes there should be an adjustment to the Title I formula, but opposes the Thompson amendment.
Seriously they are! I mean i and Vinny but why would u make up a fake account about them ???!
just don't burn it that's the worse thing possible
I love bein home PHOENIX BABY!
I am glad u approve. Haha I was blacked out
hope you are having,a great time.
I teach small businesses how to effectively use the internet to farm new customers, get old ones to come back more often and pay more
I just love the fact that the giants thanked God for there victory<3 I give them props:')
Take money TME the takeover illegal life style dropping on datpiff soon DM me for features
I agree: 2nd one
I was 6 or 7 " : To pierce or not to pierce: that is the question. What age is okay for little girls these days?
Congrats on the new job!
Hair is strong as a wire of iron. It rips after applying a force equivalent to 60kg, only after it stretched itself for about 70%.
BBQ sunflower seeds -- yum! Watermelons this year are good too!
Oh": at my home boy house."
sure followed, follow back
it's not too late to drive!
Ladyfact o' the day from a medical text: "The vagina is called a 'potential space;' that is, it's not a space unless something occupies it "
Would have been better if you replaced Kidding with (wink).
Damn, I Wanted To Go To The Beach But It Got To Damn Chilly..!
#Psychomania burned down. I never got to go :c
Report cards for school come out on Friday the 13th. Just shows how sucky my grades will be.
Penning some new songs...not love songs this time...
Q6: Best place in Germany to soak in some culture?
Hey Patrick, sorry I missed you in Chi. I'm actually partly based in LA these days. Would love to connect if you have some time. Best, jp
ant trying 2 hurt u
ahh not too long well I'm buying my house in three weeks so ur invited to Party anytime!!
"RT if you've listen 1D's songs today" Bitch please I listen to One Direction Every day, every hour, every minute & every second of my life
Horror films are doing well in the straight-to-video market, and there is a demand for current-affairs documentaries by foreign broadcasters
I don't think we would. At all. No one would. That's why wars start, and why people die.
This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak
Bucket o’ beer? Check. Cabana? Check. Yep, today’s going to be a good day.
Its crazy how I have a boyfriend but it doesnt feel like it anymore..
I don't think there's much I would c. I have a feeling it's in an action that was taken by you or someone else. Interesting jump!
Yes, you'll have to pardon me. Every now and then I lapse into a "Friends" joke.
Follow me please :D,
So true!!
good music. great company. fantastic weather. perfection.
Packers or Steelers? What's your vote?
"Youre the shine to my day." - my favorite Carlos
Enjoying my first 4th of July night off in years with a 360 degree panoramic view of the fireworks from the middle of Tampa Bay!
Diamonds...a girl's bestfriend is what they say but believe me with the right allegiance girl you're gonna shine anyways....
Hair is done!! Woohoo! : )
has awesome Adele eyes. Don't cry!
Just nine months to wait to see what happens next on Lost!
Can't believe my middle school chorus career is over
you would have to fax in a valid prescription from your doctor for Seroquel XR ?mg #30 tablets.Then we ship it
Thanks so much for following guys!
They are messengers of overwhelming grief and of unspeakable love -Washington Irving
OMFG!! Hope it comes out to be amazing!!! :)
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout K
cheers lady
whosoever hath, to him shall be given, he shall have more abundance: but whosoever hath not, from him shall be taken away even that he hath
The sun is out! What a great day to try out our NEW THURSDAY FLAVOR: Apple Crisp!
Adam, I gave a few bucks to help them get out the vote. Since I can't be there to help, it was the best way I could help...
watching my sisters play #JustDance3 LOL.
Men are doubtful and skeptical about the Church they suspect and dislike the clergy they are impatient of theological systems bu
wow well I still like them mostly because of my Patrick Kane lol
What did people do during awkward situations in the old days without cell phones to pretend-text?
Such a pretty day
meeeeeeees s i cant wait luv u alex
you gotta a lotta nerve to think your a helping hand
Poll irresponsible teenagers about their views on sex and drugs and use that model for the rest .Wouldn't that be great? UNRAVEL
Dear - ZERO thumbnails are showing up on all my streams. Weird...
Does the Caribbean Studies Association conference in Guadeloupe in May 2012 have a hash tag yet?
": On my way same place? Text me Address RT : The West!" Montana ave 5838 Between Clark & Storer...
haha I keep up on my home boy lol
Successful day at work and getting in 2 hard workouts- not bad
no way..I think my dogs need 100 items themselves lol
I feel you, but my Ruffalo and RDJ are my whole body boys. And ScarJo, natch.
Because We Do This!
Livi: "That's an ugly out-ey bellybutton..." Me: "Uh, Livi... That's a nipple."
Pasona Group Inc. a Japanese staffing firm has increased sales 3% for its first fiscal quarter.
#Grindr is the dirtiest game on my phone.
My sister just just joined twitter, be nice to
A bit sad to see the Britannica stop printing. I *loved* the 1977 Encyclopaedia Britannica set my parents had bought me.
I know right?!
Thanks for the #FF, I like your jewelry.
Capitol Records Twit Katy Perry to be sued by Grammy Voting BMI Published Artist Simon Dylan Ian Xander Thunder for Copyright Infringement!!
BRONCHITIS SUCKS SO BAD!!!!!!!!!!! i need to get better. and soon.
Follow and he will kiss you ;)
RT : "Find freedom in the dark. There's freedom in the dark."
Is that Zhane you're getting it to this morning? :) Classic material!
Its alot of bad bitches in here amen,came in the game ballin J.Lin
I need 4 tickets to the Packers vs Houston game on 10/14.. any help is appreciated : )
when you don't have 3 straight months off, then you can feel bad for yourself lol
Drunk people acting a fool <
Lessons from #vatorsplash - talk really fast, make uncool => cool, follow your customers, keep the core prod small, don't compete; innovate!
ROOMS AVAILABLE TONIGHT! Come for Monday Madness.
Congrats to and for having the two best #SXSW trade show booths. Funny that they are both mobile case makers.
A bit of a dreary day in Santa Monica, but that makes me not feel so bad about having to sit at a desk all day.
ah ok. Well I'll get that then. I'll message you through twitter when I do...which will be tomorrow haha
Shannon Spake is a rocket.
Thanks for connecting! Looking forward to somatic info/inspiration from your tweets!
Were you driving in a theoritical world again? I hate when that happens :)
yee buddy(; lmfao. What's your name? I'm talking to you & I don't even know your name xD FAIL.
Why is it so hard for me to let u go. Gotta give it to god!
Round two for filming my short film!
My seminar class <<<
Wow... didn't know Google Wave was ready to play with? Do you have to be on a beta list or something?
OPENINGS Interested in applying to the San Jose Bike & Ped Adv. Comm? U may request an app by sending an email to .
aww man no movies :(
I hear 70,000 others agree.
Phoenix Bats
hey i'm just a kid who likes your music and it would mean a lot to me if you followed me thanks
Watching the Big Idea! - The New Art of Selling seems to be the topic for tonight. Donny's show really inspires me! Oh & I'm still working!
no problem ur good
RT : Why limit Earth day to 1 day? Get a #free cone TODAY when you bring in a picture of your recycling bin
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that you wonder how yall are friends"
thank u so much! lets get in touch for the next one :)
if you wanna party, lemme see you raise them red cups!!! :)
What's everyone doing tonight in Downtown Philadelphia after #ALA_PLA opening?
please help spread the word and stop kony
We should all be thankful for Facebook & twitter. The way gas prices are headed, we may never actually SEE our friends again
Love a good mediterranean plate
WWW.COLLEGEBASKETBALLRECRUITING.NET WWW.PLAYCOLLEGEBASKETBALL.COM WWW.TXRECRUITER.COM
HAPPY NEW YEAR! Hope everyone's year is successful!
I got it
Oh! For me too - completely counting the days :)
Beautiful day full of softball and baseball games. Time to relax and curl up with a good book.
"You can't use RubyGems itself to install RubyGems. That would be like asking a baby to give birth to itself. Use yum to install RubyGems."
Thanks to for speaking at RocketSpace. Follow your passion!
Enjoy the lake view and a pint of Witty at Newport Shores..... I know I will!!!
I need an in house engineer. Like 4real.
RT RT : Do NOT lower your standards to "keep" anyone. Make them meet you at YOUR level.
50% are or look like guys tome. The others (i hope) are getting a visit from the troll ferry
RT : In response to my Qs, Jerry Brown takes indirect shot at Jay Goldsone, says state finance director Matosantos makes $173K
This year's NHL Trade Deadline Day is sponsored by Google... "They got who?!?... let me Google him...."
There's a place for true thought leadership. For most execs, it's important to address hot client issues + get closer to revenue
Sorry so low on the tweet these days, gang. Things should be back into a more regular flow by nxt wk. Seeing Shawn Colvin tomw night!
:D I like tarts. And stuff
The fire alarms on the #UW campus seemed to be a malfunction and we're all clear and back open!
Happy New Year everyone! 1/1/11! And don't forget to have your black-eyed peas today!
I wanted to take the time today and Thank all of our service men and women on Veterans Day for their service to our country
woah... just picked up like 15 followers in 8 mins. you guys are so freakin' rad! welcome to the colony! :))
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 3
I drove seven and a half for the weekend surprise,
awesome! clearly we are very very important people.
Sleep. Why wont it come?
& LTLline put in work today in the studio . Hit bangers forreal .
I miss
#10FacebookTips if i'm not in the picture then don't tag me.
: I needed your positive vibes thanks for the + tweet. :3>You're more than welcome!! Just spreadin the love!!;-)
I feel like I could total a Smart car by riding a Big Wheel into it
RT : To "do something" alwys matters All real chnge began tiny. As oftn reminds me "If it's not hard ur not doin it right"
It's so calming ^.^
Thanks for the follow, Pastor Brian! I hope to inspire you with my tweets.
aww that just made my night ms prescott!! thanks :')
DIY Decorating Projects in Our Home - Houston Chronicle (blog)
It's late as shit. Shut the fuck up...
that #mahoment when you saw that noticed/tweeted and you start freaking out & start tweetin him as fast as you can ;D
If man evolved from monkeys and apes, why do we still have monkeys and apes?
ahem just to let you know... We are married... haha
WWW.KLRGAMECHANGERS.COM
Attention LBT mamis! xQsí would like to feature you! Contact for more details
and there is a great ice cream place near Notre Dame
My twitter feed has become a silent golf outing thanks to I forgot how much I disliked golf.
starting at 3pm stokeberry hot wings! Buy a cold brew and mention you follow us on twitter and the wings are on me!
Freaky Friday the 13th: Risk returns to market | eastdenverlacrosse ...
Yep, my humans do that!
the 4 guys that got kicked out last night were about 25 years old and were just drunk idiots (not in timbers gear)
": #MentionTo your friend who's a big fan of " ME! & <3.<3
Congrats Ryan Braun #mlb play ball!
Likewise! Looking forward to following - let me know next time you see a great event coming up? Could be great to connect
Your responses to tweets are so nice, polite & thoughtful! Positive & upbeat -they make me smile!
The Behind the Music was epic.
I miss my mom, dad, brpthers and my lil sis!!!!!!!!!!
Supporting Actors Needed for Action Movie
saw you on Carson Daly, you killed it with ease and splendor ;)
Twin Shadow at in September? I'm down.
IT IS TIME. I finally start
2 finals down...3 to go!
guess what
oh! And follow so he doesn't feel neglected!
Finally saw War Horse (a Truly Moving Picture Award Winner) last night. What a miraculous horse, indeed!
Having a great time shooting the #BLOsAndBikinis event at !
You know that thing of like when a million people are cc'd so no one really has to respond?
Pussy so wet i almost choked
"Watch Inge hit another grand slam tonight" Please send me tomorrow's MegaMillions numbers.
Why does the first #YankeeStadium concert have to be #Jay-Z and #Eminem!
Bungle - The Siren (Ft. Ayah Marar)
#Happymothersday to all women and men celebrating matriarchal sacrifice with
how to block in outlook: rightclick on email > choose "junk" > choose "block sender"
I'm at a payphone trying to call home all of my change i've spent on you </3
Seriously ? I'd have to pay $75 to catch a one hour earlier flight?
great atuff. check out dulkes of dixieland and oak ridge boys newest album www.dukesofdixieland.com
Working on a new blog! Gentlemen, what is something you'll never understand about women? Ladies, what will you never understand about men?
Kobe now listed as "game-time" decision with stomach ailment after he misses shootaround. Is there really a chance he'll miss this game?
THE HAMMER
Just call it please. Thanks
If 'the miracle of life' had an 80's rock soundtrack it would be this... yes, I'm watching
Heck yeah!!! Hearts to all of you!
Song playing at the party: "Beautiful Day" by U2.
Long day meeting with my photographer tomorrow,finish new sing,and a dinner date. Whooh
Alright cool give me a date and time
We are at the Huawei Symantec partner summit this week! Check them out at www.huaweisymantec.us
"No great man ever complains of want of opportunities"
Remember, no matter the storm... you were built to withstand. Stand on the rock of faith under the wings of mercy!
The next Chicken Announcement at Midnight mean while its 11pm Means Bunny!!!!
yay thank you, friend!!! hope your schoolwork goes swimmingly that weekend, so you can make it! :)
Gonna jam home, inhale sustenance and then jam back downtown for
So I was right in the first place.... Then I started to believe her. I feel dumb. Lol whatever, at least it's done.
These guys are do hot
Damn y did I eat that Chinese food my stomach is hurting I need the gym now lol
just got ticked tf off
#USAID partners with business not just for $ to expand programs, but for their long-term interests as employer, investor, supplier, & buyer.
Congrats & - you will both be seeing TONIGHT! Your names will be on the SIM list!
#Zimmerman should be locked up! Or at least a bigger bony. 150,000 is nothing compared to what he did!
follow me and you'll get 3 wishes.
It's cool to wake up with songs in your head and they are all by your friends! lol Yall songs in my head!
I Failed!
Thanks!! It was an awesome trip!!
Run, eat, run, eat.
No Mac jokes for 24 hours.
if dream sleep with
nice. Well my birthday is monday n if Ku wins on Saturday they will be playing then so im sure u guys would come to Lawrence
Bullseye - more prudent competitors would sort it out real quicklike
": "If I got a swing, I've got a shot." - Another great quote by Bubba. #genuinedude". What a great story!
we hope you're having an awesome Wednesday Jessica! :)
I'm not 😊 and lol I keep forgetting
First friday in abbott kinney was amazing! Good night everyone.
you can hide circles in gmail. use the little dropdown menu.
Oh, it's Wednesday alright. AKA Moe's Day - $6.50 burrito & chips!
st party's warm up... Get here
Belmonte has the best waffle house on the planet
exactly, i have spanish, it freaking sucks bawls.
i love rock the boat
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW !! SHES A #DIRECTIONER #ICONIAC #GRANDER AND #MAHOMIE ! SHE DANCES TO (: FOLLOW HER !!.
Just learned I am headed to Bangkok for an industry conference in mid-November. Exciting times!
Hey Adam, thanks for that Herzliya retweet. Nice to *meet* you there, though briefly. Congrats on FreeBeacon launch. Nice one.
i go to a ratchet school!
So it snowed pretty heavy last night. Something I've not experienced in 13yrs. That was crazy seeing that. Permafrost will be any day now
In the market outcomes are for sale. Define your outcomes, focus on outcomes not metrics, find rational funders as buyers.
RT : Meth. RT : I can’t wait to cook ________ in my slow cooker.
If you roll a 20, you get Auchentoshan 21 year. If you roll a 1, you get Everclear.
Hello friends! Happy to connect with you on Twitter!
My team has 11 accepted offers in 13 days! Can we go for 12 or 13 today? LOVE this market!
People are like seasons, they're bound to change
how about we play chess on the computer?!
#Products are made in the factory, but #brands are created in the mind
Read T. Wynn's blog @ www.twynntales.com I think b4 the end of this week my topic will be on loyalty.
Black guy sup with the white guy he ok need him to tweet! Pats fan
you talking bout the one in the clusters?
Once a while a cute ass guy comes around, then every girl on his jock, now he in the past with every other guy that the world falls for.
In honor of the American pop icon, will air Whitney Houston’s memorial live on channel 411 at 9am tomorrow
How can anyone forget 9/11? Please pray for those who lost loved ones and pray for this country... Be Blessed!
Firehook Bakery also bakes a small round loaf of chocolate cherry bread, neither too sweet nor too chocolaty!
I hate arrogance. Even if in the heat of the moment.
idk man. i just want it to be summer so i can dye my hair red, & hang out with my bestfriends.
17 to 3. Monarch over ThunderRidge end of first quarter.
To celebrate our collaboration with this saturday a special #FF in the next few posts.
Life is one big road with lots of signs
sick of my stuff disappearing in this house
Sealing/expungement, child support, rights restoration, elderly services, housing, family law, and so much more TODAY AT GOULDS PARK!
That free throw missed in regulation is going to be the 1st topic tomorrow
For my presentation tonight at HMNS, I get to show my slides on an IMAX screen. Never done *that* before.
but what does any of that have to do with work ethic?
Sorry you've had a negative experience. We'd be happy to walk you through our support system. Can we give you a call?
Sitting here w/ my Hubby . Good times .
consider it done
Not Ready To Take On Today
Just won our first gsme of the day(:
Good night jessie and lil einstein. Long day
hmm suspicious. When did you get one?
Dropped my coke cap on the floor. Now I have to finish it.
Whoa! Just read that you have scurvy, too! Possible epidemic?
Any functioning gas stations near Carlsbad CA 92011????
Moving out from the Modjeski household. Big day!
Bingo! RT : A4 Time, cost, knowledge
Today begins NY Fashion week:the runway shows,the 1st guided by updated health initiatives for models.Eating disorder groups want more
Remember, I'll be at Sylvester Middle School a week from Saturday!
awake and watching The Hip Hop Project on the Documentary Channel. it's good!
We're looking into it! And so sorry it's affecting your site. Will get to the bottom of it ASAP.
- Any way not to pay through PayPal for Google Analytics plug-in? I want to pay with a corporate card and not set up a PP acct.
thanks for not makin dodgeball suck like they do on family channel
I don't mind the work, just the pay
I hope I'm blessed to become a mommy one day. Not today and certainly not tomorrow but soon. Lol I hear it's the best job on earth.
I'm thinkin maybe some golf and beers in a couple weeks? Let me know what you think.
no - we're all set on that front. just keep updated on the new features among the different players.
Man, #ASCO - great ideas for utilizing #technology for internal/external stakeholders...#CPD and #CME!
A lovely welcome to all of our new followers!
Your a 6 grader stop getting in our drama and stop giving us the bitchy looks.
RT "3rd Ward" BX on a serious mission #TO WIN Salute to SEE ME WORK
bummer, unfortunately I don't think so. I'm flying out early tomorrow morning & moving my things to ATX as soon as I get back..
too many rappers huh? So are you an MC or a rapper? BTW I'm
Audience member asked when will we see apps for brand pages on G+. No answer from Google, but great question! #ISA3 (via )
Writing session tonight with Time to pump out some sweet country sounds!
#SomethingADopePersonWouldPutIntheirBio Hey Instead Of A Bio Hows 'Bout An AutoBiography Ask 'Em 'Bout Me
shake what ya mama gave ya!!! #imeant #HappyMothersDay :)
Badgers back in the end zone. 14-7 First defensive stop and/or turnover could decide this game.
I meant no you didnt....
Sometimes missing just one person can turn your whole world upside down. <\3
Love! It just depends on the shape of the bag
and well flipped by Diplo and Switch for M.I.A.
WHO WANTS A SHOUTOUT FOLLOW ME RT THIS AND REPLY DONE FOR A SHUOTOUT
living & learning with amazing company with
Good morning! Don't want to get out my warm bed. Keep telling myself I'm up, I'm up.
Aren't we lucky Milwaukeeans? RT Saw the lake steaming this morning on way in to work. Beautiful.
I would love that!! I need to get a new Skype profile- this is the perfect inspiration. Can't wait to hear her updates.
Cross between the Go go's concert and twitter: We got the tweet, we got the tweet, yeeeaaa, we got it! Everyone knows the tune, sing along!
Today's torta is a 3 oz. grilled swordfish with black bean pico de gallo, avocado and Coa mayo!!! Couldn't be more delicioso!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hello New York City
“: Crocs are for people who want to add a degree of difficulty to getting laid”
what is FOW in this case?
Abandons...I like to say liberates!
Oh Yeah!
One person may be multiple ppl and "she" conned several people as well as websites (Covers, ESPN) w/o physically meeting ppl.
Share with your friends! Tell them about us! First 10 get our single "Sunshine" for FREE! #followback #follow us
like I'm Not gonna throw down in the hometown gonna have like 4-5 in San Antonio
Unfortunately I do not think we have a functioning one at the moment but its 713-227-DEAN
When you try to draw Niall Horan and it turns out a little more like Justin Bieber<<<<<<. KILLING MYSELF BYE
Hey Sam!(:
To all you lovebirds out there tonight: use a condom. Not trying to share my birthday with anyone else.
found a fart joke in a William Blake poem. I'm taking the rest of the day off.
iamChicagoDave thanks for following me on Twitter!
Good Morning, make it a great day! RT : Good morning world. ✌
Gonna get it
Congrats!!! RT : thanks!!!! BTW MY BOOK IS AVAILABLE in paperback on AMAZON.com and BARNESANDNOBLE.com!!!!
Just had a lovely time spending my voucher Thank you!
Wrap up comments from Mike Myer, editor of The Intelligencer and moderator of Thursday's gubernatorial debate held in Wheeling follows:
No Son, a frame is a self-holding device that can often stand, or lean and even hang all on its own.
Sweet! Can't beat all this sunshine. I've been out hiking every day! :-)
Hey Twitter Go like baby on youtube b4 it gets deleted #dontdeletebaby do it for
1 DAY TO GO for FREE TANS! On March 12th ANYONE can TAN in a UV Booth FREE and MEMBERS get a FREE UPGRADE that day! MYSTIC TANS $10 each!
is a freak in the sheets.
NO chance "The Artist" isn't the winner of Best Original Score.
Marris's in Morgantown is indubitably a Bodega. Incredibly old goods.
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 24
If you keep reminding me of my past, I will put you there.
Boredom Kills-____-
can i have a shoutout please?! love you! :*
Watching the movie "Airport" with Dean Martin. Times have changed. Over and again, I just keep saying, "you couldn't do THAT today."
"I'll trade you a hologram Tupac for your first edition holographic Charizard." --
“: mine is the 21st. Happy early Birthday”~ lovely! Thank you so much and you also...:) xo
yes of cereal hahah na you know that MJ ;)
Officially a senior
RT Free Fair Trade Coffee in library mall in just 1 hour! 11-3pm today!
#sears doesn't get it. Rewards program requires you to receive 'stupid' non-custom emails, and lots of them. So 1997!
For inquiries, daily specials and private party bookings, please call us 559-761-0669 and we will gladly make arrangements for you:)
Have you done the monthly full discharge on it?
Happy Labor Day Weekend !!!
I hate this school );
Let's Go Rangers!
Excellent Grey team
Free baseball in Nashville. And to think we were on pace for a 2 hour game at one point. Walk-off win, right here. Let's go
RT Tickets just released for the May 5 show. To purchase, call 718.636.4100
Looking forward to #AAS219 - just need to find cheap places to eat in Austin.
Is 4:30 to early to change into my jersey at work?
We are definitely better than 33rd, we are underrated and overlooked as a nation in the FIFA world
thank you! happy doing the many many things you seem to do with your time! so multifaceted over there.
Today, stick to a strict diet of inspiring books, beautiful spaces and people who elevate.
blink-182 is my favorite band forever and ever!!!! i watched your after midnight cover and the gotye cover, nice voice =D
Aw! RT : About to see do some kickass improv with my lovebug and the unstoppable
Informal hunky-dory poll: how's it going for you all?
6am and we still going hard!
gotta a dog that just hates brushing their teeth? Give them a raw carrot to chew on once a day to help sweep tartar and plaque away! WOOF!
REMINDER: TODAY @ 4p.m. in Adorjan142 Prof. Glover/Prof Bell/Prof. Ardizzone/Prof. Thompson will have a discussion on book/film:
I had an incredible time at the #FemalesinComedy Convention. I have work to do, but at least I have a plan
Apparently I missed Joe Biden backing gay marriage. But go Joe!
Pabst is the Oldest Nationally Brewed beer in America.
so will Will!!!! He wants him to so badly!!! :)
Gosh I feel like watching meet the Spartans but I freaking not on it was this morning
what did your husband took as course of treatment? What all things did he do to remove those kidney stones?
We love !! Our favorite events coordinator
Fuel costs going up 500% at one #Indy area grocery store. Right now they're eating the cost, but it could be passed on to customers
Hello! Nice to meet you. Hope you enjoy my poetry
I am donating a package to be auctioned off at Paws Hoorah for Planned Pethood, Inc. this year!
I can be put together like a puzzle, but the pieces may not always go together
yup. The 9th bro
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW TABLET PC REVIEW: 10.2" Synthetic Leather Case with Keyboard and
When them 14 yr olds grow up n bout 2 yrs they will realize how much of there time u wasted snatch her wig!
M, sounds like a variation of my breakfast. BTW have a wonderful weekend!
you need one xoxo:)
Hey! My real name is Virginia:D
watching y&r on dvr ...... And it's Tucker Time lol
#Bulls doing a great job of getting EVERYONE involved. I know it's early, but great sign. Watch out,
Cheers to a phenomenal cabernet!
well I wouldn't necessarily call my grandmothers home which is a senior citizens home the "trap" lol its decent over here tho
cause its just another night on my own
#superbowl party at a friend in pembroke pines. Go Pierre Paul
you make me feel much better my love, thank u so much!! And it really means a lot to me that u saw that I'm a little bit +
your free-trade ideas are great! Think you should absolutely incorporate them to your class ideas!
All I ask for is to talk for 15 mins before she goes to work. And out of 2+ hours she can't make room for me.
Lead Maiden
hey I'm from TN too so Waz up and Ur rite I hope people quit spreading rumors bout people
indeed it is
hm i didnt even notice the earthquake. I guess I was so engrossed in tutorial creation....
Aloha!! RT Well you can tell by the way I use my walk I'm a woman's man.. no time to talk
Med school isn't building blocks like that, it's more detail than you need... have you been to medical school?
Ima keep doing me !
Hosting a commercial shoot with today!
such a nice day and I'm stuck in bed.. ugh!
Thank you for the follow nice to see you on here too! Look forward to your tweets.
I've been meaning to listen to Starlito here lately
lol yeah, I just got a blister but its pretty much gone now.
My 3 yr old created a new word to describe something that happened a few days ago #lasterday- what words do your kids come up with?
Except I don't date electronics. So, no. RT : I may be late in observing this... Are drummers being replaced by electronics?
are you producer?
RT : Authors experience event are best ; we'll be more & more dependent on those without experience over time.
HAHA!no problem! I'll teach you!
Davy Jones dies. How terribly sad.
LOLOL! what do you mean by 'like its nothing?' lololol
Feels good to be back in KC
Choas follows a hurried redesign always. Eventually I get privilege I need, but it can take a long time. ;)
Looking forward to a fun evening with our friends at tonight. Drinks and music on the Patio
Exactly not even a slap on the wrist. Can't say the same for Mota of the Giants...100 games for his 2nd steroid offense!
"Some changes look negative on the surface but you will soon realize that space is being created in your life for something new to emerge."
bills fan & yeah i agree > “: Poe, Gilmore, Irvin, Smith among the picks I dont get. Like em but not that high.”
what r the guidelines? Hook me up! :)
imu2 text me
I know my roots (everyone does) however I do work in Chicago media. Hope you're well.
do you have Google music beta yet?
": The more defensive U R towards constructive criticism, the more likely the criticism is spot on.
Lovely night hanging with my old acting school crew. Find a class that helps you to get centered- you'll find your work grows exponentially
My favorite BKB episode of all time is the one with Nemo and the Spring Break episode. You are great and keep up the great work.
- Happy Birthday!!! Love you tons girl!
make sure you're caught up on vaccines before you go ;)
Why Leaving Blog Comments Is Not a Link Building Strategy
Dinner so good! Bbq ribs & chicken, mac n cheese, corn on the cob um umm so good
Huh? Green & Gold??? The colors of $$$! Think about it.
Just "read" an augmented reality book for the first time. Pretty interesting experience.
ikr, why cant you sleep?
Spent the afternoon at the Senior #PGA Championship at Colorado Golf Club. Beautiful day!! Congrats to #TomLehman!!
2 for 1 Hash Caps today at all Clinic locations!
Well my mimi doesn't have cancer :)
‎2 of my films play this weekend (Oct. 20-23) including animation Great American Pigeon Race and the documentary, SASA.
Wow!We are at $6,775 in the give!guide. Ty so much for your donations. Let's not stop there! Our next goal is 7k by the end of this month!.
#wordplay-o-d-day: ABUNDANCE: a bread boogie.
Opposition is quick to jump... but not as fast as media. Who can control Ted Nugent? Ted Nugent.
they say beans are good for you, so keep doing that :-)
Just ordered my new glasses from ... time for some geek chic!
The Current Analysis #EC12 Wrapup - Video conferencing was everywhere at EC and all over the map.
I'm gonna tweet at you all the time. Hope you're ready for this.
Cats can play the lottery now??!! Sweet!!
Question: What is the greatest lesson you have learned from a teacher?
Think it'll work? It would take a miracle.
Lol thank you :/
lmao! the truffle shuffle! awesome!
It was great! Thanks for asking! :D How are you doing?
RT : shut your trap RT : Man u females basketball watchers is the reason behind this right now-Haha
lol Kk I gtg I'm taking a shower
Hm....we agree!
no problem hearing/seeing you ! thanks for this #soctech!
u go girl!
haha I got you!
I CANT STAND YOU!
Oh... Forgot about this discount... Have y'all heard of Knawty Hawgs BBQ? They're in the Dollar Tree parking lot on W. Tennessee St
My hero.
Ready to Start over? Have you consider Divorce? $69 Divorce. Call us NOW (727) 474 9988
so you get email when you want it, as opposed to a flood?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Can you please follow me?!?!?!?!?
Thank God for waking me up this morning.........Take nothing for granted... Life is a gift....
- well, I am 6'5"...but basketball was never my game. I could throw a football through a hoop but couldn't shoot a basketball!
I just found out EVERYONE in my family hates me because of my piercings. Fuck everyone of you.
Where my #October babies @?
Finished The Avengers! So much greatness in 2 hours!!! Loved it. Go see it!
its 6:30 already? it's so light out, it seems like its 5 or earlier... ah
Find any T2000s?
I'm personally responsible for killing at least 3 trees today. Sorry Earth.
interesting. I suggested to that your wedding invites should be in comic sans.
it was fun being your bodyguard today haha.
"If you find a girl that's willing to go through hell just to keep your relationship going...you really shouldn't take her for granted."
It's the final countdown! So pumped for & RT : I'm at La Jolla Presbyterian Church w/
lol nope I been in the house all day
QUIZ: Where in north slope should 4 people go to relax with rounds of 2 cocktails, 2 beers, and low noise?
Brutal game as billed.
Pulsar Web Works is now on Twitter!
He deserves to die for saying that.
As soon as a girl sees a guy with jordans they jump on that ass .....smh only in charlotte
Why are you criticizing? You're not that good of a friend either.
I'm very disappointed in youu!!
Verdict: all ads should have cute animals.
Why am I never impressed by Notre Dame?
Thanks for the tweet Monique
i need to eat something amazing.
Ha! Applies there too!
Done with my work....now I want to talk to him
Hey,bitches,what R we doin' in this fuckin' place?
finales de mayo. cuando vienes a Miami?
League is "WI Indycar Fans" at indycar nation. Deadline for st. Pete picks is 8am tomorrow.
Hey girl... you rocked when we wrote the other day!!
Are they chanting Dre Kirkpatrick for the Buccaneers? Wouldn't be the worst pickup.
I doubt it - it's a dumbass move by both sides. KY needs to play the IUs, the NCs, the KUs, the ULs, the UCLAs & the Dukes.
The Kentucky Derby Is coming up? #ineed2keepupwiththetimes!!
Yay!! Bring me back a souvenier! :P
Tweet tweet tweet.
yep be easy chaunny. U need me I got u but I guess I gitta do wut good for me also
We keep coming back to each other when are we gonna realize its not gonna work out not now not ever again </3
No one expects the Orlovsky...
Congratluations to for making the #40Under40 Crain's New York Business list!!
yea, man-woman
There you go!
you might lose your virginity tho it's a big night, I'm going over and taking pictures of you guys :')
we got #Natitude bring on the
That's really cute.
from : Just downloaded the Kristen Stewart emoticon pack. Sad :| Happy :| Scared :| Surprised :| Giving birth ;|
The worst is over, you can have the best of me.
ignore the bigger pictures of society as a whole. But this is the age of social media and they will see pushback
happy to have you aboard, Vickie!
Only ten minutes until At The Drive In!
This is only blue Monday if you are blue
I posted that Kovulchuk pointing at Sid video because I never forgot it and I've hated Kovulchuk since then.
60's and beautiful this weekend. Who has plans and where?
Wanna go to South Beach for the summer
Hot Chelle Rae-Tonight,Tonight:))i would luv to dance on the edge of the hollywood:))dope song:))
Sin is geographical. ~ Bertrand Russell
I just dont understand why people be like give me ur number ima call/text u but dont do it
your welcome :)
I am so ready to move out i will be so happy to #INEEDTOMOVE OUT
Dodged me ...
RT : CNN BREAKING- North Korea has agreed to a moratorium on nuclear activity at Yongbyon, its major nuclear facility -U.S. State Dept
Man that sounds scrumptious.
Thank you so much. I will have to take a trip out one day when the weather breaks
Heading to school for morning excel in my purple pants.
Super excited about new fun stuff coming up in the fall!!! Shhhh....its a secret!!!
Congratulations on being drafted by the Bengals. Another Coastal Advisors,LLC Client goes to the NFL Family.Great Kid,Hard worker!!
music on full blast. probably gonna go deaf tonight
Navigating LA traffic like it's a video game
Not angry anymore..but still have a slight headache. Yay for pain!
Delivering a leadership workshop at Pfizer's Partners for Success event in Charlotte today!
I don't read your tweets in bed...
I love my phone!!!!!! It's sexy, I should name him already
My tanlines are not okay.
Is that you in your icon? If so then your very hot
Man I love wheels.
We're just about 3 weeks away from early voting. Get ready to Write #Fenty In!
My mom just sent me a text that said "Save a horse, ride a pony ;)" ohmy! i love her :P
if you don't ask you don't get ;-)
Hope You Get It..
just made an egg, spinach and goat cheese bagel sandwich for breakfast. Saturday mornings are fabulous! What about you?
YOUR FACE! DUMBASS!! I dont give up
SUPER handy list. Thanks! ;)
When people hurt u over and over again think of 'em like a sandpaper u may be scratched, but u end up polished and they end up useless
#brewers putting on defensive clinic...
were all on #peytonwatch2012 im on get the panthers someone who can tackle watch
that a good friend!
Thank You for the RT. Peace and Blessings to you. ~j~
And here I thought I was about to enter the promised land.
The Notebook is on tv :) gotta love Ryan Gosling <3
Not even funny.... RT: It's the end of the world as we know it.... Louis Vuitton Condoms is trending on Twitter.
So pumped I don't have to go into work tomorrow.
Wow...must admit, the sunrise here is gorgeous....
Tony, Pike, and Mitch rappin in photo
Jah Cure featured artist mix tonight on Reggae vault classics
Let's blow this wide open!!!!
Btw-you're very welcome! I have a lot more to share based on realizations borne from waking up to my life again :)
That awkward moment when you lose both parents at a store.
What a terrible time this is to be a Christian. The churches have failed and betrayed us, and the ministry preaches hate and mur
SOS radio is what you're looking for!
You lyin! RT : I'm working there!
Hard work means prosperity; only a fool idles away his time.
Loving the learning and peeps at the Board Retreat so far...
thanks for the current royalty distribution !
Thanks for getting back w/me. I gave ur number to Jenifer Jordan. She is covering the story today. :)
his lack of a chin is very distressing
Good foul. Henson.
Yeah, go follow gofuckingnuts, his images are AMAZING even if he took them from other people ;p
We need some experiences asap
Ana pulled over on Blewett because her mom's minivan was acting funny. Within minutes, the whole van was engulfed in flames.
whats good babe!love ya boo!
Have any idea when you'll be in Baltimore again?
for science we did spiritual studies/science documentary: God of Wonders- on the netflix
Getting ready to start my day ! Work then training !! What's your day like xx
Ready for the race in the morn. Nothing better than the smell of wet suit the night before the race.
Job help, networking events: Business calendar - Plain Dealer
WHY WON'T MY HAIR GROW? :(
Everyone thinks we're done with testing...don't we have finals the last week of school?
Habitat 4 Humanity will be live at Organization Fair. Spread the word and tell everyone to come out and support.
Some people simply don't find it funny which is fine
Thanx for the follow
God Bless The Jonas Brothers is trending. Ah, I remember when I was an 8 year old crazed fan #Memories ♥Bretana♥
Follow Back please <3
Happy Monday! The weekend weather was a nice change!
Enjoy some Baker Babes Bakery sweets with your brunch this Friday at McCormick & Schmick's restaurant at Beachwood Place mall.
Check your math? Not #WalkerFailure. His own special jobs #s not yet reviewed by 3rd party Bureau Labor Stats prior to release
so look out for that chick! she was worried about the dress code... I said... wear jeans, the end. lol.
happy holidays bra.. how's life treating you
K. Moreno could have a career year being the top rusher in J. Fox's run heavy offense
Engage reporters through social media before pitching - if possible. Follow them on Twitter, Facebook and become familiar to them
Don't miss Serials Solutions and in booth 405 at #OLA2012!
Hello new followers!
Ah headache and stomach ache. Blahh. Brain and tummy pain. Boo!
notices my hair looks like Wes Stude's from his role as Uncas in "Last of the Mohicans."
Will Particle Zoo IV reach 200 sub-particles before the slate is wiped clean once again as in the first Particle Zoo? Just asking.
I saw their first game this year and Hassel is the real deal, he has a sweet shooting stroke!
Burgandy is the NEW black for the Grammy's. Now on GMA. So glad I didn't miss that.!
#aye seems like the only time I get on #twitter is when I'm bored....but I can't lie #ihate the #upgrade #twitter....smh it get on my nerves
... Do you even know who ADNAN SAKLI is ... You need too.
Tweet tweet. Hi there facebookland. We have a twitter. Also, 2 peanuts were walking down the street when one was assaulted.
Oh, Modest Mouse, you never cease to amaze me.
Thanks for suggesting the Missed Connections theme, !
lol what's the line
Men's rooms sinks. Eyeww.
Dear Dad- The best part about not knowing you is that I still have a nose #neverplayed"gotyournose"
Working with HellBent Tattoo in Colorado Springs to get Rapper Tech N9ne out for some tattoos, Pics, & autographs! See last tweet & like!
bf3 is actually crazy good. Graphics are insane and you can actually drive things. Tank, jets, etc
Yes you should. Mies van der Rohe was wrong: More is more.
Big nap guy, lol!
RT : Well has nice taste In submissions!
#3WordsOfAdvice Do. Not. Procrastinate.
That's so great. I hope I can do that some day. How did you get started?
Those freaky and faithful relationship that everybody wants.
Fear is just an illusion. Worst case scenario, you try & it doesn't work out. Well, try again with a different approach & things may change
Very impressed by Bishop Gorman's Joey Gallo yesterday. I now understand why he is the top HS baseball prospect in the nation.
You're welcome, !
OH: "But who is going to drink all this booze?!"
"You should come 2 ICA's concert on November 15th because it's not every day that you see masked players performing," Carolina Gomez, cello.
Oh good! Bought Rings of Saturn in a fit of optimism, in the early days of Austerlitz. Will read it now.
Rondo fucked around and got a triple-double.
good night world :) xoxoxo
Gr8 keynote ! Avg of 5 devices for every person on earth and in 10 yrs, over 40% of Fortune 100s won't exist!
the one thing no guy wants to know.
Would enjoy Christmas lights year round.But then they would lose that "specialness"- let them remind us all, JESUS is the LIGHT OF THE WORLD
Looking forward to meeting some people at #PackExpo 2010 Oct 31 - Nov 3! Maybe I'll stop and talk to you!
It'd be nice if the good luck is contagious!
Subway station violin guy playing "Peter & the Wolf" is a wonderfully Upper West way to start your morning.
it always is, never disappoints.
Our care team can look into your issue. Pls message them w/ details. Thanks for choosing !
So tired but I will not sleep until I am blonde again!!
I'll be at work on the 30th, sure! Email me!
trying to stay awake
Sending love and energy to and the rest of #teambios - you can do it!!
Talbot is hard to watch... Almost like Carmona but nothing is that painful
amen to that. Oh my GOODNESS. crazy!! Highly esteemed among men is an abomination.
guess what? Got me an IPad! My wife is incredible!
thanks, love.
We just got our stickers and they look great!
Q3. Best meal "on the go"
Hasn't yours been that way haha:)
Oh my god, Dominic Brown got me in TEARS!!!!!! I gotta RT that in the A.M so more people can see it lol
I Only Need 46 More Followers Until I Get To 600 !
oh! Who do you think? I think we're on the same page.
WAY too seriously
Had a great time last night with the team at cafe 787 ...shoutouts to
Training class for work this week...so the next review for will hit on Friday. Get ready!
in need of a frappe before going into my budget meeting tonight. must pick one up on the way. whole milk, full fat whip please.
Listening to only Chris browns music all day today! Happy birthday hun
I don't think they should have fought
Walking the talk is as much about listening as it is walking or talking.
Words of Shakespeare came out in characters.-Lowry
Please follow me !!!<333333333333333333333333333333
please follow me it would make me the happiest person alive. and would make me feel beautiful :D
I will never regret having my engagement at Driscoll dining hall, even if the relationship didn't work out.
It's the Rose Ceremony. Lindzi looks like a supermodel, Nicki looks like a toga party, Courtney...well she's a skank.
FOR THE WIN. RT : "Art is not just something you pass on the street. It's a way to solve innovation problems."
#3WordsOfAdvice Call My Lawyer
LETS GET SOME SHOWS POPPIN!
My timeline: High-top Chucks as a kid, Vans as a teenager, then low-top Chucks in mid 20s
Good day at the park w. my mom nephews and Jesus (: baseball, kickball, and volleyball & a fucked up knee . I love that guy.
We'll have power strips in all the meeting sessions at #lma12 tomorrow. Woot to
I just want summer at this point.
sandwich cost $11 down Fanuel Hall I'm pissed.
I must agree you're just like me.
"Lesser people than you, have done more difficult things than this." In Plain Sight
Thanks for the RTs! :)
Yes!! RT: ": Any thought of a second term for Rick Scott begins and ends when Steve MacNamara is forced out. #sayfie"
thanks for the follow. How are you today.
Want to talk books? Head on over to my account and join the discussion.
Can somebody tell me how to go to see my rts on the twitter on the comp? please
Piper U r AWESOME :)! U get all the good interviews!! We love #PipersPicksTV :)!
People will be slow to adopt mHealth if the #healthIT revolution brings only increased medicalization and identity tied to disease.
Would love that! : Hi Darnell! I sent you a DM ~ Re: What's Trending In Seattle #Interview #GirlPowerHour Would love to chat!"
You're going Hollywood on me :)
This Is Gunna Be Our Year. #JustSaying :)
Er, "safe" travels ;) RT : Save travels - enjoy Cambodia!
That was not a video.?
hang on....I just counted...The Dells only had 4 players!!! 4 players!! Wtf
Wow there's already a shitload of misquotes smh hate those bitches
U there! Yes u.... Your not cool.... Sorry
I will pray for any requests that are sent in today. God has breakthrough you today!
its so amazing omg
Youth night was crazy good!!!!!!! I luv all my people!
Lumos Networks gets into the colocation/data center game
follow back
Love their pinboards... such great home inspiration! RT Are you following us on ? Check us out!
I had someone call off my website this week from an old blog. If I was consistent this would happen more often.
Signing our lives away :)
I'm so impressed that you know how to put aside electronic things on vacation. I'm trying to learn!
day trading rockstar, thanks for watching the video and getting a copy of the book. I attempted to share all the little tips i learned
Recipe for Meatloaf with Bacon This recipe for meatloaf with bacon is a hearty meatloaf made with ground pork, ground beef and ground vea
I wish my children understood I function best on 12 hours of sleep, not 3.
Goin bac too bed now the bs is pointless
": SHUT UP! I love mariachi bands!!" You just really love Brown... Yep, I know you
What's your take on the Hunger Games? Read the books? Seen the movie? They're both amazing! c:
waiting for verdict like everyone else. Might as well grab a bite to eat. We'll know something by tomorrow. Guilty?
Loving the Artie Lang show on , really entertaining!
When we begin to see the living world with luminous eyes; our perception of the world changes
How ever good or bad the situation give it time. Time heals almost everything. Give time, time.
she was AMAZING!!!
FLAWLESS.!!!! Cant noone do it like ME.!
MIDNIGHT MEANS TWITTER LATE NIGHT WITH BLACK THUNDER!!!!
mawnin & happy thursday
Let me know if you want to change anything else on the video! Thx for all the great workouts -- I'm so much stronger now!!!
Such a douche move.
for tom is tomorrow
If ur not waiting...... U will soon b waiting! So decide now how u will spend that time!
#20ThingsAboutMe: I don't put up with bullshit
I'm posting a twitlonger about how I feel cause I'm tired of keeping it inside. I'm not asking for pity I just want to get it out
Yeah, I guess, but it's really like ... stupid, lol.
that is weird. I read numbers backwards sometimes.
I agree, they look legit
#flowers Safety Warning For Hurricane glass covers for Christmas Centerpiece - most not meant to actually be lit - glass cracks when hot !
I know it sucks for him, but dude can't play 3 weeks straight in the field without hurting himself.
3 shows? wow! congrats!
the vid I just posted on fb has so much fan footage! I'm in it multiple times....check if you see yourself!
Hey “: My iPhone 4s gets notifications faster than my Macbook Pro on WiFi. #firstworldpains”
Woke up too late to get a tweet in about the water main break..
I got 4 punks and one saint in my fridge.
School Today -.- I'm Sleepy D;
So uh at least we are guaranteed a point, right?
Powell's began in the 1970s with a $3,000 loan and was able to pay it back in 2 months.
Is big af now haha. Thanks for comin man
me too but not staying long. Too many people.
Grandma complained again that local library has awful books. "They're all Avalon or something". I said...
3 canceled dr appts and a prescription for ladies only not covered by insurance; could gender-reassignment be path of least resistance?
"Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one."
maybe he should go wash the sand from his clit so it will stop hurting him... Buck lil camper!
Guy working out next to me at the gym chanting "burn baby burn" to himself while he runs...
COUNTDOWN until our FIRST #whereveryouaretour promo day: 8 days! If you want to help out e-mail for more info!
I'm so in love with you, new york!!!!
"slow your ass down!" - as the #obamacaravan makes a 3 point turn, middle of the street, downtown
RT : Finished the final song for this album. I can breath easily now.
I need to smoke so bad I'm flipping out
Make it or Break it. was really good
#ThingsIHate Fake ass people
Im glad he didn't give u a ticket.
Purchasing Engineer - Marine Systems
Hahahahaha stop you know I love you and my run good must be all gone...right?
NYC ed struggles: closing schools-lots already closed, many more on their way.
#FF Thanks for the follow.
Guess what turns 3 months old Tues? My journalism career! Slowly becoming a monster that repeats this all day: live/lead/live/lead/live/lead
I have a project for you. Please hit me up so I can give you my contact info. Gracias.
My only recent impulse buy were flip-flops... Munchen in Sept./Oct.!?!
Come on down to magoons tonight fer a hoe down! Show starts at 9:30 no cover
oh now you guys break out the good stuff?! :)
follow where I'll be participating in #Motorama LIVE talking about the Scion FR-S and Texas Auto Roundup!
Head to Linnemans tonight to catch some of the best music in town, Shoot Down the Moon, Delta Routine & Tiger Mouth! Music starts at 9!
JJ Allmendinger moves over trying to block Hamlin starts the whole mess
Vehicles with up to date registration and parking stickers are not abandoned and can be parked in any valid space in the city.
Ok yall, can't tweet for a bit goin on a road trip :P ttyl8r homes with swagger!
MAKE A WISH UGLY
Occupy Portland stopped at Verizon store. Headed south on Broadway
A special on the science of sex lol
Guess who's getting promoted to an assistant manager?........... ME
She followed me a long time ago!!! Did she RT me??? :)
We're in 107 behind the Padres dugout. The Angels Red should be well represented!
Chillin with Mena. I love this weather.
Sounds like a busy morning. Dont wear yourself out... ;-)
The young couple that just looked at the house next door seems cool. One can never be too careful.
I only have the 1 song from NSYNC's holiday album. i may have the actual CD somewhere. Call me tomorrow, was sleeping today
No one ever told me when I was alone, they just thought I'd know better. - GNR
I've decided to double major in IRG. Let's do this.
Fuck that im not going to school like wat the fuck
'The Holy Spirit cannot be located as a Guest in a house, He invades everything.'
#KyrieIrving going off
Well the lakers lost this game and most likely the series.. Hey at least we made the second round -shrugs-
re: TLR's future: I don't think business is the right call 4 a guy who waits until 2 outs/2 strikes/bottom 9 to get a job done.
What I would give to have my 16 year old hair again.
lol well, right. So why pay extra and wait so much longer?
BOL ' jus seen a man blowing his speakers listening to " Asking All Them Questions " Lol !
who them hoes??
Free Pastries tonight in #Pittsburgh! From 5 - 7 p.m. come to PFP to meet our new Head Baker Jim and try out some of his AMAZING desserts!
Come into Zen-Diego today for your Dental cleaning
‎"Don't let it end like this. Tell them I said something." Pancho Villa's last words... Mexican bandit & revolutionary
With the green film of tree pollen coating our cars, it's no wonder my allergies are acting up today.
Story of my life! RT I wanna sleep but I can't I wanna cuddle but with who
Patrick I never said that. I thought it, but never said it...I swear.
do you have the stuff to process your own? If not, I'd recommend for your B&W good price for process+scan ($10)
I respect Cotto though. But Manny beating Floyd you crazy.
Hanging at the stash bash with the coolest person I have ever met !!
My biz partner says everything will be signed this week to open the new restaurant. Ugh. Then I have to start DOING it. Whose idea was this?
#WeWontWork if u give up on me to quick
Idk how I feel about Emily being The Bachelorette..
I know I'm only just over 14 weeks along, but I'm getting very impatient. I hope I feel baby flutters soon!
I always feel like the bad give trying to be so protective
Join Homeward and our partners from across the community at 5pm at 815 E. Grace St.
Just got back to FL. Sorry we didn't connect at SXSW, let's chat next time you're in FL. Interested in what you are doing at ninut.
I love that color!
#Grateful today for good friends who share my passion and inspire me!
because they are losers. They do it all the time!
Grapple with this, Marquette BasketBall is right around the corner already! Don't forget we send buses for all regular season home games!
What I would do to visit now! RT Only immediate family could visit an inmate during their stay at Mansfield.
pls let me help u!!! I know what works and what is pointless! A pump is a must! Lol oh I love y'all!
S/O to Wall Street & Jedi Knight School… Cincinnati's Finest
Bynum and pau wanna run it back up to 11
thanks for the love! you kick some ass.
I'm gay booboo, get over it.
Feeling nostalgic? Check out our children's book display featuring Maurice Sendak "Where the Wild Things Are" & other great children's book
Sundays suck now...
RT : let us know where we fit in. <- ok you're in town this wknd?
I had a conversation about WoW today!
At some part of each day..Show God your Obedience!
thank you
The 10th Annual Belmont Humanities Symposium next Fall will have the theme 'Liberating Voices'; keynote speaker: Maya Angelou.
the destination may not have been the place we all wanted to go, but we certainly enjoyed the ride. Thanks to you and the team.
Happy to help out!
give it time. i have to do things in spurts.
Get your emotions in check I'm over it!.
Cherish your ideas and your dreams because they are the children of your soul, the plans of your ultimate accomplishments.
I don't know what most of that jargon means, I just know it sucks.
Jokes tonight at for the show. 9pm. Bear hugs & high-fives to follow
Hallway hockey.
RT : Waterstones' employee on the news: "We'll stay open, if they steal some books they might learn something"
Hey fans! You should have seen me today in the gym, I was getting my sweat on and then jumped in the pool shirtless. It was a sight to see!.
The Milwaukee Auto Show is in town. Tell us your favorite St. Pat's Parade memory for a chance to receive 2 free tickets!
RT : Whoa! Quiet the speed trap in sun prairie near eastside Copps. 1 cop clocking + 4 pulling others over!
Chiefs won, my wife is the love of my life, God is sovereign and the Packers MURDERED the "DONKEYS"
where in the world did i get Zach from then? lol. i just renamed you. oops, sorry!! ;) but have fun tonight guys!
Thanks for the shout-out. Here's hoping that you reached some new people!
Sounds of the new office - Greek guy singing, clapping and yelling loudly all morning. I feel like I'm hanging out with my family.
Outstanding! Thanks for sharing, Melody. You might consider giving proper attribution to in your tweet.
RT : is searching for digital Art Directors and Sr. Art Directors for the KC office. Email Farrah McGuire for details!
baby raver babies
Oh, how I love you two ": she can tour manage. Hopefully for a discounted rate. #wishfulthinking"
how soon until Escobar is at 2B
thanks for fallowing me! P. S I like your band name :)
And the coworkers take the lead at 3 #donuts. The lead is within 1, surely I have a chance to surpass with my morning brew tomorrow
Absolutely! The more the merrier...
I have written a new book/journal for women called "An Honorable Journey of Healing". Email me for info,
Packed room! 80 members in attendance for Dave Senay's presentation today.
I assume (re: x-rays). I just hope the kid is not overexposed to harmful shit we will only learn about in a decade.
RT Aw remember when you said you could be happy with me for the rest of your life? Yeah, me too.
i just got one direction, big time rush, asnd cody simpson tickets!!
WoW I wasn't even spinnin at that time, but ok lol
make a wish!!!
why do people insist that activists are idealist, dissenter, pot addaled hippies?! when in reality are forefathers were all of those things.
can't wait for the Vikings to beat the eagles!
oh! very nice. me likey :)
I'm terrible with telling stories and explaining myself.
With the Chiefs singing of Kelly Gregg might we see Franklin return to the niners?
oh ok maybe later lol
Whats the point of lying about stuff that you dont have 2 lie about?
No practice today means I can come home and take a nap!
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." - Henry David Thoreau
2 minutes to go in the #falcons #saints game atlanta up by 3
you're cute and i love you so much
OMG I know! lol I'm doing wonderful & you?! :)
Facebook, I hate you. I found out about this thing called Tumblr and twitter. So bye (:
-ball, baseball, He thinks he's gonna score, If you let him go all the way Then you are a whore- 😞
i miss :c i haven't talked to you in centuries.
#ideachats oh, you gotta try collusion. Its... mesmerizing!
There you go bruh I'm waiting to hear if I'm the list or not.
Clothes make the [person]. Naked people have little or no influence on society.
Coming up- what I thought about where I'm heading tonight.. Followed by where I'm headed
Hey - when will the scheduler be available? Trying to decide which day to leave, seeing the programs will help...
please choose me for my daughters :-)
Pull up on them bitches, get out, walk. Way too many hoes like i play golf
I 💟 Music
Decisions, decisions.... Who to vote for at #ignitedetroit ??
My book chapter is finished and has survived the editorial process. Next step, book proofs sometime at the end of they year! (^V^)/Wo0t!
Here we go!
I can't wait to see hair cut tomorrow ! 💇😃
Basic Insight and Guidance | Medical
Getting ready to present Twitter 101 at #nelsym12. If you are a librarian, please say hello!
LMFAO i played that beat over and over to tons of people everybody said you suck !
The games comment is dead on. Wish more games work was on seeing what makes games tick & using that know-how in education.
It's time for Smash! , you watching?
RT : Josh Hamilton has more HRs in his past 17 at-bats (8) than all but 10 other players have all season.
You are welcome, and what a honor to arrive at a milestone. Have a good weekend, and a successful career.
Here for my callback, send good vibes my way!
GOODNIGHT! SLEEP TIGHT! AND HOW ABT A FOLLOW BFORE U SLEEP?
haha! Yeah it wasn't really swine related but definitely, creepily works out well. We've been spared so far...
I'm in for all pool parties
this role got my name all over it! :)
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you actually start talking to your sketches...
im tired aF n you?/:
RT Book and record stores aren't search engines. They should be visited to discover something you didn't know existed. - fact!
or you work in social media like me :)
playing some tourneys getting ready for the wpt @ hollywood indiana
Just changed from TMobile to Sprint so if you're trying to call me, I have a new #... I'll shoot it to you when I get sum free time.
Unpacking auction items for Power of the Purse on Thursday - our scarf designed by Hilton Hollis is gorgeous.
today was a great experience even if it's just that...
Absolutely agree!
I'll check with Screech first. He would hook me up.
Thank you!! That makes us so happy!
Steven Jackson
Writing a new song, using a lot of quotes from here... Tweet me if you have any ideas. I'm using tweets from my favorites. shoutouts to best
I only get swimmers and softball players now. Football and basketball stopped after I refused extra concessions for athletes.
WATCHING NBA playoffs
HAHAH i see what you did there
somewhere is crying...
I'm great, you?
Who do you want to win for Best Picture at the #Oscars this year?
Obviously, done on a smaller scale, with fewer books. But if it works for Indie Record Store Day, why not for books?
Validating Feelings for Seniors with Memory Loss | Sunrise Senior Living: via
For sure!
#Shopping for special dietary needs can get pricey. Which grocery store does a good job of catering to your needs at a reasonable price?
I've been waiting for the UPS man (or woman, though not likely) all day! C'mon already!!!!
Just want to say how much I love all the updates you're doing now! Well done. So many great book events in PDX!
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me Superman.
JUNE FIRST. 💜
i never know what to tweet in the morning.
P90X is kicking my butt !!! Love it -- never felt so good. In it for life!!!
Auntie's wedding today !
Oh my goodness, Ryan.
That would be me..
and you inspire us. keep up the good work!
Just saw the 'Put Your Hearts Up' Music Video, looks flawless.
i think i should text cause she told me to earlier and i just remembered :)
How about not doing the things that you'd to take back.
i am completely loving all the fashionista's, blog/vlogg-ers,Youtubers who are all of my new followers i really appreciate it THANK YOU!!!
without dance i would have nothing and i would be nothing
me getting a mustang before you >
housing ENDS usa #HOMELESSNESS! PLZ DONATE housing SOLUTION WITH OTHER USA WEALTHY ! thanks!
so you build on iPhone and they actually mail a card for you not email???
at least you're honest and sticking w/what you know! Lol
Love the idea. I think between Justified, Breaking Bad, and The Walking Dead - there are some great noir-ish shows on air right now.
MT : There goes a chunk of my childhood MT : Maurice Sendak dies, children's author who saw sometimes-dark side of childhood
it's taking WAY to long until the Mint show!
lol who needs furniture? So when are you planning your own #collegehouseparty I know and I will come
I thought of you when I found it because of the whole St. Patrick's day thing. :) Let's hope it's lucky!!
Happy Friday #Followers ❤💚💛
You get on top & start to ride, I pull you close to me & we just stare at each other. I can hear ur juices, I feel it running down my legs.
Tired moms serve breakfast for dinner. Really tired moms walk to the local Pancake House. Here we go!
yeah it blows oh well.
Leaves raked, presents wrapped, contemplation accomplished, movie with wife - Life is complete!
So... I've been typing a paper for an hour i have I have 2 of 6 paragraphs done.... it's due Friday.... I get distracted easily....
totally. use one of my clients and top notch service
heh! yeah you kinda have to leave logic at the door.
speaking on keywords of feminist DH thinking; collaboration with all-star cast of DH women
Lol, Mandy: he's got a baby face now, but like a hot baby face. Jessica: so he's a hot baby? ;about Mr.Britts new haircut.
And to think 'Keeping Up with The Kardashians' was originally about jogging...
Oh why did i ever doubt you? You know i would die here without you! <3
is that a gateway computer box?
On my
Cheesecake with !
Join us Sunday 9:30 to commemorate 50 years of service.
Did he buy it back from Michael Jackson estate? I thought #KingOfPop owned it.
Seriously, though. Was it me? Did you really cancel AZ because you knew I'd be there and I'm a known d-bag? Be honest .. :)
's Community Market Conversion program launches website for its pilot efforts to provide healthy food options to poor...
what do you like
or learning to walk/talk/etc. development sometimes = sleep regression
Hey which app did you download!
You're Jus An Angry Child Mad At Everyone & Everything In Thee World, & I'm Not Goin To Let Yu Disrespect Me Cuz Your Mad About Something. .
I love the California Roll as well
i've been waitin all day for you to call me baaaabaaay
Follow Me Please!? 41
I love Allison:)!!!! Tell her chris says Hello!!
so I hear
You know I'm embarrassed in front of drivers as if I'm babbling incoherently rather than saying OW DaHAMN my BaHACK makes me LiHIMP! Ice?
ha...thanks...i redid it just now...i just bumped up the bpm...from 126 to 129...sounds better
no one acting peacefully deserves a beatdown.
I had a couple of favorite moments turning to see a Nicole Eisenman every now & then.
The FTC is watching, but have they gone after any bloggers? Or just brands?
can you make the Boyz do their SWEETEST FACIAL EXPRESSION?^.^ please???6
Omg I'm starving :(
happy mother's day to all of the beautiful moms of the world. :D
RT : must be in tha kitchen cooking up that crack 4 ur azz. What til we put it on the block. Crazy
So proud of our 2012 grads! Tweet your grad pics!
“: I Hate David Banner Too Btw” ~ Lakers didn't even lose yet... what up wit all that hate?
There are no failures. Just experiences & your reactions to them.
I am recruiting my twitter followers :) Thank you in advanced for your support.
Garlic Bread or Garlic Knots?
The way Kronwall hits is so odd. Goes in backwards, rear end first.
good for you brah, but I just moved here for 15 months and I'm digging it!
“: About 220 in attendance of this inaugural event. Great turn-out!”
I will she doesnt use her twitter like that smh im workin on her tho lol
Where is MINE?? Oh yeah... how can I get you to send me more chocolate?? LOL
lolz at the shaggy tshirt too
I need sleep 😒
ahaha, I gotcha. But some advice: dont run long distance. I did so much at school JACKED MY LEGS UP #BAD. they got so weak
all of you who is hating on & your just wasting time your stressing it an their over here laughing at u guys :D
I'm on a search committee for my school looking for new teachers, I always ask about how they use SM to enhance their practice
so oh well
This waking up early shit is getting old!
Yay! Officially started with my Christmas shopping :-)
- Agreed! News is no longer an informational or educational vehicle but sensational. Maybe even a tool to manipulate.
And we certainly will -- great to see you, Karen!
Different theatre this time- comfy-er seats required for 5 hour opera. Also sans :-( brought my mom instead.
Lunch at Lottie's starts next week. A theme & great deal for every day! Monday is $5 Martini lunch Mondays.
Lol, don't worry! You'll get there
It was $40, kinda expensive :/
Welcome to my personal twitter account. I also manage accounts for , , , ,
I'm visiting Rochester because I need to pick one college as a backup in case I don't get into George Washington. gahhh
Q5 Interns should be paid. Otherwise, they are a volunteer and should have the flexibility of such.
Rain on my commute ... What's up with that???
Living in the past positions you to be PASSED over. You can bet if it worked 15 years ago it likely won't work today - embrace change!
Bad news.... your segment got cancelled from here on out... WEIRD!?!?!?
Giving isn't the same as paying taxes
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions I would buy VIP to #BTR concert and also concerts. Luv , &
i'm crying right now because i love yes, deep down i have emotion and i'm a sissy.
Can Jeremy tell his brother i said hi.
Getting breakfast and doing my day right!
Today has been pointless.
USE YOUR WORDS DAMMIT
Feels good to be back on my routine again.
Hey #LosAngeles what are you up to this weekend? I hear its going to snow in Burbank! That is according to igoogle weather btw!
Congrats! That's great!
How is everyone doing today? I hope you say "fucking awesome."
lol yes flex
I wish there was a way to creep to see who creeps on me! Mwahahaha
I'm thinking I'm a really lucky guy!
#happyjustbecause I have a bed to sleep in
Goodmorning! (: Hope you all have a great day!
Thanks for the mention! JaNeneDorsett: PUSH by Chalene herself! Get it on Amazon! RT : best book for creat...
How is the interaction program at IU? I'm thinking about doing something like this for a master's.
I'm so sick of my friends ex treating her like crap its not fun to see her sad
Pink Fink BRINKer founder of #SusanGKomen sold out to the #WarOnWomen Boycott CURE and contribute directly to ACS and PP
I was drugged, manually stimulated, & raped by a woman. Apparently I really wanted it while unconscious.
Lost my fuckin phone like a dumbass!
Simultaneously packing for two very different trips is kinda fun: 1) suit; 2) bug repellant; 3) heels; 4) paddle leash - Check!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! :)
Why you not doin nothing RT : On some bored shit
looks like you're into Bees and board games... ever play #Hive? :)
3 weeks till Göteborg! SO EXITED !!!
This weather was crazy!
Active Network job opportunity: Manager of Online Account Management for Active.com in San Diego. Send qualified candidates my way...
With a clear vision, we gain immeasurable strength. We are SS&Si Dealer Network.
A rainy day in Fire Island Pines town
Nothing will ever beat our game of bananagrams, obvi.... playing Boston on the 8th, so probably not agin for a few months...
Guess I'll have to go by myself 😔
Terrific show!! Especially from the front row!!! With
RT : Totally agree! RT It's my favorite day of the year here at : pajama day.
Rapid deployment sandless sandbags..No more building sandbags. Light weight easy to handle deploy from storage to disaster area in minutes
Caffeine withdrawal is in effect
thanks for all the love today. especially from the people and it really means a lot!
Definetly a pleasure! Were looking forward to collabing too!!!!
Working to bring you more art, music, shirts, events and overall more awesome in
I WANNA BE NOTICED BY YOU<3 :(
Forget it ill just move to Africa.
Oh yes!! Keep blowing your nose into the grass and spitting. THAT'S HOT!!
progressive and proud of it 😊
well, getting paul to sing "golden slumbers" was a good idea.
Congrats to DaddyO's Berkshire Stars South Coast NH Millers + Greenfield Ma NEasters for our 1st Adult Tourney
Cherry Red chariot, excess is just my character.
that's awkward...
I was dying , them he said he looked like he just got out of juvie , he was trynna ride
come back to DC!! Its my dream to meet u i even have a youtube called IwannaMeetNickJonas i got a concussion at ur last show
Happy Hump Day! I can't wait for the weekend, I'm going to do absolutely nothing...
im s daughter! She reccomended u watching with her
Totally agree. I was hoping they'd hire a GM first before a coach when Shanny was fired. Need a player evaluation upgrade
Hey, sorry for the problems, we're seeing them on our end too, and working on a fix.
My maxim for life: I�m responsible for my happiness and you yours
Thatsucks. How far behind are they playing?
when eeveryone get up ima take a shower nd go to sleep
S/O to , my latest follower
heheh you got that one right ......<3
Saw Butler b-ball coach Brad Stevens at Starbucks this morning. Seemed shorter in real life as opposed to seat in balcony at Hinkle.
things will get better. I know it's hard but you can do it! You're strong. You're not better off dead
just sit topless!!! LOL
Braverman. Sarah, preferably.
yeah (: I think he's passing the work back now :b
A Meijer loaf of bread. Delicious :) RT : Hey foodies - what is the last bread product you ate?
Went to Sam's Club today I got a chill hub for my laptop,and a bunch of other stuff!I made rotinni w/sausage.
Congratulations to EVA members Joy Hancock who placed 6th & Janis Therault who placed 4th in 's Orange Rose Contest!!!!!
#MyToDoList 1.Make spaceship out of pudding. 2.Achieve fame. 3.Fly to space. 4. Eat pudding ship when time to die.
really!? Oh, you are so awesome! Thanks so much! You know, we have a brand new record coming out in a couple months!
Let's see some Pgh, minimal nutsack though haha
Am I going to die or...
Callista: what’s the plan for tonight babe? Newt: plan is u put on a gallon of hair spray because Papa’s got 2 tickets to a swingers party.
Ain't been home since Saturday night... Smh
Yes sis lets pray together
And that is a wrap for #TFF 2012. On bus home now. I am offocially DONE. Now I just have to write 20+ reviews. Fuck.
Thanks to the library, said cake could be shaped liked 90s TV sensation ALF!
MayB I get her sum ova da weekend and surpise her
saw Patient (after Seybold) last night. I have no interest in melancholy as literary tradition or otherwise. This movie reminded me of that.
I feel like poo
Haha! I almost went with that angle but finally decided on the other route. Thanks, Nipples! :)
I'd ask on the Strophe mailing list. I'm not familiar with Openfire's requirements for group chat.
I'm Craving for a Dorito Taco I wish fast food delivered .
Get on the floor, gimme some more. Come to da club, spinnin' those dubs. Vomit my drank, go to da bank. Made a #rap song. $10 million plz
^After six days Jesus took with him Peter, James and John the brother of James, and led them up a high mountain by themselves. There he...
idkk ; you tell me , ur suppose to b my best friend && x likers..lol
I understand. I was commenting on the irony. It's clear that the GOP is desperate. Obama is very popular w/the unwashed masses.
Now that's funny!! But I thought I was your long lost brother... Or maybe you just wanted me to get lost. hahaha
I know. Oh I noticed with some of your works but with manga in it :)
Halloween party this Sunday. Text me for details!
i get paid tonight so f.ck life !
Birth control recall? "Oh shit!" ~Women everywhere
I'm pretty sure these chicks are just driving around Rice blasting music w/ windows down.
Sometimes, I imagine that the draft is a lot like bid-matching.
Oh gosh. I feared as I misread that as "today's only Wedneday" and had a mild longest week ever panic flutter.
that's a great choice! There's a lot of sweet gifts there. :)
It wasn't real love if you ain't with the person your in love with right now.
dinner in los angeles - so tired and so full......
you're welcome! check the playback on that latest video lots of jerkiness fluttering etc I reloaded it a few times with no luck
Rolling to the boro
I'm thinking a bassnectar playlist for this pre game (or 'warm up' as the Danes call it). That kind of night.
Well THAT would be okay with me, except judging by her cleanliness, I wouldn't trust it. Urine stained carpets.
I know the #Phillies lost the game last night but to see the struggling offense explode was more than worth it. And Joe B today, amazeballs.
& I'm off to the races. Be back soon.
Terasol Wants Its Mini Eiffel Tower Back
I will punch you in the taint the next time i see you!
Meeting with dr lindauer tmrw, hopefully no more back problems in the morning!!
did somebody have to point that out to you?
I've read an argument that it's hard to write in suspense with cell phones, b/c suspense comes from miscommunication.
It's Death! I recognize him from 40th birthday cards!
#PopularInThe90s Skelly on the blacktop..milk tops was the best hands down
The are in the playoffs!!! Woohoo!!!! Let's get that 3 seed boys!
Welcome Mini-Marathon participants! Stop in after the race! We're located 2 miles from the finish! Air-conditioned! Plenty of parking. RT
best use of lighting all night
There are no specific characteristics of psychologically induced acquired delayed ejaculation.
Ive had 4 water fights this afternoon... x
Rip his face off then take his food!
People who do take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year
Not good....going to Pete's Market on the weekend.
<3 RT : Quote of the night. "I've got all this built up pimperism in me."
Hey sweets! I love youu! I was reading yo tweets;) smile(: I love you(:
Fraser says Dodd wasn't reached out to by commission he could've been part of
If every day started with a 90 minute yoga class 'd have a stress free life!
sure where are you?
REal cute! Who designed those??
Really enjoyed your blog.. glad you stumbled upon mine! Kinda think you may be the guy version of me.. lol
Platinum Diamonds*
Cuts all over from thorns.... Yummy
I wish daft punk were still alive. Then we wouldn't be in this mess.
#Oomf be on sum off the wall shyt lol
I Love
You haven't missed it! It's happening now
oh so very very high :)
Kicking someone in the mouth as retaliation for insulting you is not an equivalent response
yes but i still havent missed too many days
I work in Chicago daily. Live in Waukesha still. Try and work 1day remote/ week. Perhaps in the next couple weeks?
Plus we have prizes #TriviaRules! RT : Great night for a bus tour of DC. The monuments are gorgeous at night.
Getting ready to launch the new Le Peep Indy web site. Stay tuned . . .
I'm one of her biggest fan
Google Summer of Code ( ) needs an Autumn of Usability.
Pretty sure I actually know what I'm doing with my life... but then there's always tomorrow.
GO CAPS
We'll be tweeting from the #outrageousbiz competition at . today. Prof. Murray Low is currently introducing judges.
": Kevin Hart is funny af"
I knew you'd understand Tj.(:
hoarders...omg! Crazy people!! But charlie sheen is whore-ding at home! :P
's book on Progressive Enhancement is next for sure but it was 's last night
sometimes i feel like Mr. scrooge rich and lonely im not rich but still lonely
You are using to kill it then you turn really quickly and chuck the shoe at that spawn of the devil spider >:U.
Now that I am in town on election day, I think I'll go vote. I hope you all do too.
give me a million dollars and ill tell mr. bowers to beam in....
Parents Snared in $100 Billion U.S. College Debt Trap Risking Retirement - better to save now for college than borrow later!
alright abel. have fun with that.
Barry Zito pitched a gem today with a 7-0 complete game shutout win over the #Rockies. get their first victory.
U joining Joe Champion at in Jax Monday? Free steaks!!!
Happy Thanksgiving to all of you from all of us at Rocktagon MMA / CageStars.
That is...I mean, it's Twitter. Where we tweet. What else are we supposed to do on here?!
Solid work. Whenever we mention the show we pronounce it "Reven-eight-e" out of respect to the numeral worshiping creators.
I join any line I see if it's long enough
If we did, the species might die off. Next up, nostril cleaning!
Awesome! clears his PhD proposal milestone with flying colors, contributing solutions to improve NW graph legibility.
has the greatest twitter followers! So, we are asking you. We just got a brand new blog. What should we blog about?
<33 i love you!
I was actually emailing with Amanda about this earlier today. would also like to help, or attend. I can commit!
Good luck! I did B1 and B2. Great stuff!
I might go =)
how much
Lol that akaward moment when I'm making a delievry and my customer (26 female) and I both bend over and we both know I looked down her shirt
Chris Hansen featured that case on Dateline. Jerry Howe was able to do what our government "wouldn't do".
We will for top tweeters! RT : You should give an award to the participant w/the highest klout ;)
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Tim Duncan
Scroggy: "I look forward to performing mediocre work 100% of the time at IUS next year. Can't wait."
Mel Gibson's eyes are so pretty...
Damn Nolan almost had.that.hit..
Mitch Williams on MLB Netwotk pointed out that Chipper hit balls over 900 ft in that last at-bat.
Just write the darn blog post, and see what sticks!
Sometimes you have to forgive and forget even if it hurts...
someone hack my twitter
thanks for following me dont be a stranger
George Washington. Final answer.
I love waking up to music
yeaa check me out! and preciate that chief
Thanks for following, Eric tell your friends about us.
With 200 TEDActivators visiting TED in Long Beach today. Care to follow details? #carriewilliar on Twitter.
#WhoNoHit?!? Suck it Jays!
i know! It's seriously about to be the most amazing weekend ever.
checked your work. Looks amazing. Thanks for the follow. Following back.. Xoxo :)
yea RIP me
My new favorite place to eat is Kabab Hut on Balt. Nat. Pike.....the food is amazing!
Happy friday the 13
Thanks to the thousands at the market on Saturday. Feeling somber today as our prayers go out to those killed and injured at the fair
Since y'all ain't gonna be doing shit… Who wants to go to London with me in July lol
Yes - need to create pull systems, not push systems. Relevant for many contexts outside of health
well you never know you can be a
Oh that's so awesome! Hoping that will bode well for bar sales for the market next week :-)
HD video clearly hurting the 49ers there.
We're talking about THE KARATE KID on our movie podcast this Thursday night @ 6pm PT & we'd love to have you on! Interested?
I try so flipping hard not to think about you. But I can't just let you go.
Instead of anticipating the worst prepare yourself for the best.
Both feature (as they enter NFL)- big arm, great deep ball, great speed, durability concerns, lack of pro sys. exp
I hope Scotty wins or James wins if they dont tear :) ;( both
#ineedtostop following : I just kissed my dog on his penis for practice in case the NY Senate forces us all to marry animals next
If U have veggies growing inside rubber containers, they were probably protected fr last nite's East Coast frost. Rubber holds heat longer.
. No, no--shared governance is lovely. Just more work than Dave was letting on! :)
....Dave followed me. Hi Dave.
This weather sucks
this it's the results of believing in the people and american worker.go obama
Good day at the beach with
A murder of crows! LMAO! These animal group names are funny.
thank you do much!
I am fused / just in case I blow out / I am glued / just in case I crack out
WHAT?!?!? touring together! when do you guys play LA???
If feel good to be chilling with my mother,little sister,and darcia for my my birthday...... Thanks everybody for da happy birthday
Spencer's lol
So disrespectful RT I just saw an upside down packer flag on scrays im so pissed i hate you
The E-cigarette has some unlikely critics, is it for real or just smoke in mirrors? Bill Keller tells all tonight on FOX 9 at 9!
is at Olympus Group this morning!
Words with friends is kind of evil.
Keep the joy of loving God in your heart and share this joy with all you meet especially your family.
#Suicidal Thoughts today...I just may need to kill myself with a cheeseburger
Just bc im soft spoken doesnt mean i dont have leadership skills or authority
Apparently the criteria for living the 'American Dream' now includes being born rich and creating a line of hair extensions.
You know you play too much tennis when you hold your pencil with an eastern grip
i'd like to make an appointment to dustys hair salon
Thank you so much!
#isitok? To have a stubble beard when you work in a business casual setting ? Even I'd you can pull it off?
Got the fireside table for wine tasting with
Omg gorgeous out today!
Just got new shoes at like midnight
Volleyball?? more like VolleyBORE !!!!
Not playoffs yet. On to the next one.
now that guy works hard! and has finished his school! proud of him:) <3 ------------->
#SHOUTOUT to my new followers & ! :)
Google Calendar just sent me a reminder that FetFest is this weekend. As if even my ADHD ass could forget that :-)
Im so sore and i have nothing to do ALL DAY :\
Cocky, but sexaaaay!
Oh my gosh Im so hungry!😔
pear? Nice call. I'll try it and let u know. Thx!
I thought about going outside and doing something today but my Wi-Fi really doesn't reach very far
Bathe in ignorance: follow 's retweets of morons misunderstanding Wikipedia's blackout in protest of SOPA.
I dont know who died. Its a cliffhanger. :/
cool website
perhaps a *Chinese* fire drill? Quick! Everybody switch seats!
Wiops, there goes another mini Swiss Army knife.
Thanks for getting me over 400 followers! You all rock!
Our District admins who withold Title I, II & I from poor kids should be held under the moral microscope! Don't H8, educ8!
1OAK dancers look like Black Swan...nightclub version
Introducing to "Call Me Maybe" bahahaha. I can tell he loves it.
Practicing my lap burlesque routine to "sex for breakfast" by christina aguilera. Yum! ;)
Can't believe the year ends tomorrow! My kiddos have grown up so much. I guess we'll see what the new crop holds in the fall.
Finna go to basketball practice game tmw
and that makes it an authentic bootleg!
Big week ahead in Murray trial. Battle of the propofol experts. Defense case begins...Needs a rabbit out of its hat. Catch me on KTLA
People can live one hundred years without really living a single minute via
she is as sneaky as she is on the show. And it was weird the camera angle made it so I couldn't see her face.
You going to node.ph?
Taco del Mar in belltown sounds good right now, wish I had a coupon!
enjoy Florida!!!! I love Florida. We have a office in Lakeland and I love going there.
cause I want it all or nothing at all
The audition piece was fun, it had all the tricky tbone bits in there for sure. .
: & Frontier are making WiFi available for the Groundhog Prognostication in Sun Prairie!
Never said that. I think LeBron is a better defensive player. But who would you rather have taking the game-winning shot?
#TurnToYou is amazing <3 such a good song <3 made my step mom cry<3
lol it was a joke regarding the content of your tweet
Just saw a dude driving around smoking a hookah in his car.
Fickle little things, aren't they?
Party, party! 2012
he was being filmed for something, and now I don't see him (intermission) but I will keep an eye out!
#Actors - Felicia Fasano casting DEBBIE Tough Heavy Lesbian & LISA 40s White Beautiful Spacey Artist Type for "Californication" More in app!
So what we go drunk :)
it snowed here in PA yesterday. Be lucky you don't live here.
“ My attitude sucks big time today!!!!” mine does too. I can tell you have an attitude.
Seriously Irving PD is awful, and whoever called the cops on him was profiling him based on his ethnicity & his tats!! Just WRONG!!
eww, nasty finger ass!!! :P lol
Why does CVS make the sick walk to the back of the store for prescriptions while healthy people can buy cigarettes at the front?
One week in #sandiego and i gained 7lbs.
"I'm just saying." (I remember the blog on it, so true and funny!)
I got the Canon Powershot S100. I've taken 5 photos with it so far and already know that it is the best PnS Camera I've ever used.
We watched it last night. Greatness! "Production value!!!"
Hats off today to the bartenders working in the ballpark!
Don't waste a trial or the trail will and can waste you!
its not that + doesnt sell its the way its promoted, corp payola, does a lot of work on this
They shouldn't even have been in this match... There was no penalty in the box, that was a horrible call
Good afternoon :D
What's the one thing you get at 711 ?
Fuck man! Why do you decide to go live when I'm at work!?! Asshole!
So elated Miss made it to the final two! Tell Diddy to take that! (Aubrey is only reason I watch #CelebrityApprentice)
Can't wait for at with on Sept. 22!
bored in fayetteville, nc bitchez
,i love u
I'm too chicken to taste this drunk.
follow me ?:) #Believe 9
I think Tim will bowl a 546 tonight. Go Tim!
LA intensive first day over. Information overload...I love it!
when was it announced?
Haha No I'm Still With My Boyfriend. It Was Just A Joke.
Okay and thanks :)
Congrats ! Eric Quigley -SEC Player of the Year, Head Coach Dennis Emery, SEC coach of the Year.
Me talking to people: "Let's make artsy stuff!" from the other side of the room "Woo!"
#YouAreTheReason why i wake up every morning and smile. i love you guys soo much and couldnt imagine life without you guys
No dad I won't get a haircut it's 2012
Bridal veil is blooming in our neighborhood. Makes me think of small towns, front porches and the book "Dandelion Wine."
Check out today's article in the metro section page B1 plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate 4 Cleve Clerk of Courts
If it keeps raining lift ur thoughts above the clouds. The sun is just hidden. Success is as well it is just covered by cloudy thinking
Looking for other History related twitter folks to add or feature as guest history or travel bloggers.
With soccer in the top spot the Top 10 has it
.: A true man of letters in the blogosphere.
“: Tomorrow is #teamfitnessthursday so I hope celebrates with me!” you already kno bro
every time i like a guy the hardly ever like me back yet adults r always saying ur pretty. wat the hell?
Master Plan Meeting Fairmount & Westside: Martin Luther King School 108 S.9th Street, Newark, NJ May 17(Thursday), Join us
Anyone want to create a movement to push school boards to adopt the standards Jamie Oliver has developed?
We are excited about our new products from
Coffee Ice Cream ☁ yumm -A
#LALDelta pau. He ways flies high!
What planet have you been living on? You're right you did not know him. And his heart would not allow him to hurt a child.
We love actors! Tell us how to improve the app to help you learn your lines :)
HP Commercial shoot today! One of the most Ginormous sets & loveliest crews I've ever experienced.
Hello and thanks! RT : Thanks for the follow - have returned the compliment
who communicates about email being down via email...my IT department apparently...
I'll "break" mine then put a claim on it para tu
Dreamt a conversation with Louis Gossett, Jr. re: MJ death. Funny. Couldn't care less about MJ, or Louis Gossett, Jr.
welcomes x
I love #teamIntensity ! I'm not doin cheerleading next year just so I can have more time for y'all. - Zaona <3
Don't you just love birthday lunches?!
aw, you're too cute lexie. i'll share <3
wish u were in wisco bro!
Enjoying some pampering
good looking fam on the retweet..oyea did you get the trax?
I will eat that...Mustard is necessary with any kind of liver however...
#FF Current and Former Oxy Golfers:
will do.
the Cabin In The Woods is very unexpected lol
K-State night at The K? Do you have to pay extra to park your Double Wide Trailer?
Thanks to Chuck, John, Marty, and Kevin for another stellar event last night. Savoy & PPC together again!
I wanna senior year like in movies
David, Cody and Garrett. My three locals. Garrett would hide and I would always make him talk. Proud of you Garrett O Hunt!
I have to sing 15 choir songs and I have a drama skit to do. I know at least it's fun stuff right?
“: It's niggas I'd never look at and bitches who look like shit. Always running they mouths”
Hey people, we're on Instagram! We have the same name there as Twitter--we'd love to connect w/ you!
Ate sum zaxby's & chips & salsa. Waiting on my dad to finish cooking.
The Teehive Staff will vote on our favorite design on Tuesday! Good Luck Posting! Love your Shirt :)
So happy to see this moment! Proud of our troops, but what repercussions will this have for our country?
Oops, that seemed strangely Oedipal
Oh my, it looks like is going to slow jam the news on tonight and will play new music!
do not know if I saw it, but I'm there?
just consider all the ppls minds u messed with. What a child,grow up. This should be a crime.
Pedicure with my besties :) happy last day of sophomore year!
TY for shout out
*Raises Hand*RT : I need a designated driver ............ Any takers
damn boy!
Can anyone tell me what the point is of Amazon Prime for TV/movies? Doesn't have what Hulu or Netflix has.
Partied hard last night til 5am..now back to reality.
It's okay, I'm the same way LOL smh
Went to bed at 5, woke up at 12, nap at 5, did nothing productive in that time.. I'm never going to be able to sleep tonight.
I feel ya. Hence my current project, as you know.
at does great work in MENA region thru facilitated our intro.
And we're on our way!
it is April 2nd.
just the lulz
Thanks! I put the link up :-)
Thanks patty!
ugh, good luck with your move! It is so hard, but feels really good once you're done!
Love the Wecolme to Deutschtown mural with the painted stain glass windows and piano player.
I am rewriting my script at this very moment!!! <3 I am One With My Power!!!!
1 hour until my practice talk for
Omgah.....I'm Gunna die... degrassi jr high
Eating twizzlers with Jenna at 😊
"Everything is better with lasers. Also, every word is better with 'tron' at the end."
directing taxpayer money to oil companies is bad policy.
John Seifert from at ACE Awards talks about the need for companies (and agencies) to build around a specific point of view.
follow ya boy so i can dm you
Breaking the habit of playing too loud was tough. My professor, Danny Gottlieb, helped me refine my touch to the drum set.
Im soo tired but i cant fall asleep :(
Android just said to me "tell your mom to get to level 6 so I can invade her" in regards to his Facebook game. It's cute with a smack of sad
#Monday Morning #Trivia: What Pulitzer Prize winning playwright was married to Marilyn Monroe?
i let my mind fuck everything up.
Guess I'll hang out to tonight ... NOW with who!!
The Whole Series, Or Tonight's Game? RT : I got the clippers for 20
Irsay is colorful and weird.
There can never be a more beautiful you!
Baby you should let me love you
#IfWeJustSmashing then don't ask for my number.
sorry, #Dbacks! Third period of series-winning hockey beckons!
thanks for supporting your team. have fun at prom.
Were you aware that Geronimo as a baby, was named Goyahkla, meaning “One Who Yawns”
I want to go on a #cruise because cruising is the best kind of vacation there is!
he is doing twelve ounce curls!.....my favorite workout.....
there pay roll is loaded think they wuld be gunning for spot for playoffs!!
love the optimism lol
dm'ed back…again
#Photoshop CS6 Beta -- Paragraph Styles and Character Styles! YES! Really could use those features this week!
Love seeing the #Rockies stomp the #giants ESP when Cargo is 3-4 with 4RBI's!!!
So great meeting you! You guys are so fun & sweet. :)
Excellent movie Ms Faith!! You just keep getting better and better! God has blessed you abundantly!
I don't have a very long bucket list but my fuck this list is about a mile long
SHIT GO HARD CHI-ALL DAY
If you want certain people in your life you have to let them know you want to keep them In it or you loose them - time for some change
Ohmygosh!!! I love it! Yes I'm creeping on you <33
So true! Thank you “: Take charge and create your own destiny. If you don't take responsibility for your life, who will?”
My daughter has dedicated my new song "My Pretty Boy" to our cat Tommy....aww! ♥
next time you are in richmond we will take you there bro, its a nice place
just started myself, one can get hungry quickly staring at those pictures
hahahaha, I won't be ther Monday I got baseball banquet
This time it was MTV's doings, but he's not the only one in the episode. It has other people too lol
World&#39;s Largest &#39;Fossil Forest&#39; Found In US
Very true, very true. I suppose I only recognize it with 'the' attached!
Teams making moves in power ranking: Det(up 3) Was(up 5).. Ari(down 15) Indy(down 4) .. Check the page for full list
Time to chill, play me some Deus Ex, and listen to bfmv.
Thanks a bunch!
I should make some congratulatory phone calls after Texas' come-from-behind 1-point win at home over an unranked opponent.
“: basketball wives should just be called past basketball wives because #swear everyone is divorced from their bball player”
Why is he out of bed????
awww thank you ! I haven't heard that in a long time <3
RT : W&M #Democrats joined by 2 Republicans voted against transportation jobs bill that says won’t create jobs
LeBron missed not 1 but TWO free throws under 40 seconds hhahhahah ...
Guys you are my favourite band when I was 7, now too :)
wish I lived in like anywhere in america so I could atleast go and see yhuu and valentines day!Ah please come to uk and follow
": So does that money just go to Michael Jackson's estate?"does Jackson have the rights to all songs?
New twitter background =)
I'm so bored too.And I'm really sad! Q :(
Judy Gold is in tonight's show. She's a hoot.
Haha i've been yelling CaDOOgan at the TV all game.
follow me hoe
So I did contact customer service & haven't heard back. Am shocked.
it depends on what u thnkn '
Coming up on the What does #Super #Tuesday really mean for the candidates? Tune in.
boeing told their employees not to come but work thru their homes.
Always feel so fly after a trip to Hong Kong. Shout out to the steady hands at Grand Tailor in HK...
#CSS (aka Training Associates Press) provides training tools which enhance the participants awareness about the communicating styles
Need to talk to someone about a membership!
: White chocolate Kit Kats for breakfast
You this read wrong.
omg lets keep it going then!!!! hahaha
What's up duke??? Smell ya later
I want to see you in concert. Put an album out regardless. I wish I could shake your hand and have a few beers with you.
I needed you
Biiiicyle Bicycle, i want to ride my bicycle i want to ride my bike!
and Christmas is about snow bunnies... may day as a celebration for spring was around well before so called workers day.
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
SMH what be on niggas biscuits??
Thanks! Glad you enjoy the art
first i park my car, then i fuck yo bitch
RT : SERIOUSLY, I CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT HOW MUCH FUN WE'RE ABOUT TO HAVE
When you are family member of someone in the service you are always weary of an army vehicle arriving with a chaplain.
At Eataly for the 1st time. Wow. Impressive for being in the middle of Manhattan!
I call bull shit
Thanks , very informative.
Ah, hoping your next grin is just around the corner. : )
Dont get how everyone call bitch bout Raffi Torres, Hossa was skating with his head down....he's on the ice, fair game!!
Finally watched True Blood finale. Why did they have to do that to poor Lafayette?
watchin da video online buh,youtube is kinda suck..RT Boom Boom Bass.
way to represent!
I'd like to talk with you, I service alot of RE Agents in Seattle prepping thier listings for show & Open House...
If your only reason for wanting to be in charge is because you desire power, YOU SHOULDN'T BE IN CHARGE!
I love you, perfect girl. You better be bringing me a box of diamonds 💎😍💎
We hope you love it! RT": I got the chicest tweed tote bag from they know their way around a textile!"
I love spreading time with
Guilty as Charged along with beer & wine flavored snow ones!": Raise your hand if you've ever had a pickle flavored snow cone."
and I just booked our flights for #SAA11! , here we come!
You have to draw the line, cause looking back's such a waste of time.
This is a really creative and generative talk on psychedelic music and hippie sexuality from
HEY, you got an iPhone? THE PEN was sort of about writing bringing about the end of the world...
RT of you are doing #Oceanside70.3 this weekend!
Caps fans..Game 6 Sunday, 3pm
Should Auburn play the season out with Cam Newton or should they bench him now and try to win the BCS title on their own?
Hm? Where to perform next... D.C., Missoula, Reno, Tucson, San fran, chicago?
Their best album. Awesome dude!
u mad bro?
Random people talking to me... MERP
Nice page :3!
Lol at the people really thinking LA can even contend with OKC. Thunder in 6.
GERMANY is closing all their NUCLEAR ENERGY PLANTS now...they're not wondering...they're just doing it. Hm... re-engineer always!
Meeting today for with our top vendor...all new men's arrivals today!!! Cant wait to see all of them...
I need more followers u follow me I will follow uu
i wanna see EVERYBODY
haha just part of you? I'll take it.
yeah...what a joke! He's to lazy to be able to stay up with some of those guys!
I appreciate stations that provide silverware & cooking areas for staff (Ovens and stoves are a huge plus too!)
RT : Dear Las #Vegas #LVIMA members...the Board is meeting now :) LOTS being discussed for the greater good of the organization!
In Kindergarten, we called it cooties. In High School we call it STDs.
Fill my cup up with your blessings jah when the rain fall on InI house top non stop heart ah luv inna morning yah mi good frens...
Good Morning Denver! 2012 has started off with a bang and OCRA is incredibly thrilled, but there's always more room to save you $$.
People tweet a LOT and constantly. #ctfd or
HAPPY BIRTHDAYY KYLIE!!!!!
All my bestfriends are #Dead :-)
Developer:J2EE :: In or around Broomfield, CO (1 year contract ...
RT if you also disagree: RT :portland has voted no baseball major or minor. I disagree but I'm only one person
I’ll be at the Green Bay West branch in Festival foods today 11-1. Come pose for a photo with me!
definitely a ton of great stuff at today-- I've already started saving for the next edition
At Least the #KimKardashian Marriage Lasted Longer than Carmen Elektra & Dennis Rodman's did Last Century #lol. Did I go back too far?
oh... Ok, I get it. Not enough of a fan that it's the first thing I think of, apparently. Hee haw.
The slide whistle is my new favorite instrument!
As far as I know there isn't one. I have the Apple keyboard and its a big complaint on the market. Sorry buddy.
I like to pretend tupac is talking to me when he says that ima down ass bitch and he ain't mad at me
Looking forward to tonight... See you two on the live cast.
Had the most amazing Tuna Salad, thanks to & The best I've ever eaten, no joke.(:
Backing the Giants in the SB!
sounds like the bizarre in DT baghdad
how you been?
Vanella is everything like chocolate.
haha true but no alcohol allowed either :)
where did ya pick up that nifty akill
According to , national champion #BCHockey will throw a ceremonial first pitch before tonight's game.
Congrats Ovi. 2nite's the nite 4 1+ : Ovechkin's 30th career playoff goal ties him with Peter Bondra for the #Caps franchise lead
WHAT'S GOOD EVERYBODY IT'S COLD OUTSIDE BOUT TO WORK OUT STILL C
No, i don't know her
Its all about production and money. #theydon'tcare
In South Texas & need some custom tees? Save time, money & hassle & check us out! San Antonio's finest in apparel screen printing.
great article dan wouldn't mind a linebacker either!
Provide very shallow water dish to prevent drowning. Each species requires diff humidity. Mist tank accordingly.
This country seriously needs to learn how to properly educate its people. Seriously.
best of luck and happy hunting! cc
Hey! Thanks for the tweet of the Ring-billed Gull photo!
R.I.P. Donald "Duck" Dunn
Everybody follow she's hot
When establishing your bankroll, stay within your means.
Oscar Robertson
Interesting Thought: When you are split between Hope and Fear on any issue in life, you will be plagued with stress and worry
“: I can't stand childish people.” you ain't the only one
how is your day going so far?
- my mom has Comcast, she calls every couple months and gets credits/lower bill every time. They must be trying to preempt.
more intelligence comes with more obvious stupidity, apparently.
If Rodan swooped from the skies and devoured every #RedSox player on the field right now it wouldn't surprise me. Might even salvage the day
of course :)) and i recorded all the girls from brooklyn so i don't have to bother you for it anymore!! haha
Our server is back up, again folks sorry about the inconvenience.
QUESTION: How many true heroes have you encountered in your life?
Lets make all of our dreams come true.
Today looks to be a good day for fishing, ahoy mateys!
Need to keep consumer front and center even in b2b -Christa Carone of Xerox. Yes! Decision makers are people too!
amazing dinner tonight - Nancy Silverton & Mario Batali, you are geniuses
Minecraft is an art
I like boy who wear braces , plays guitar , can sing amazingly , from Texas & he's gonna be 16 tomorrow .
#irallstars Where do you link to IR from? UMass creates Selected Works page f/ faculty profiled by PR office. Metadata helps Google find it.
11 miles on the mount Vernon trail. Super windy! 2 wks until national #halfmarathon!
Last year.
big day!
Im gaining some weight today haha
I miss you. When can I see you next?
awake and tired, wishing Morpheus would come to me! What about you ?
Woohoo! Our actor got the director/producer callback for the pilot, Americana in NY. 3rd time in!! Yes!
If your dark skin and say you dnt think your pretty cuz your dark skin.. I cant even pass you these handouts the teacher gave me..
like a real G
Building friendships are easy,rebuilding them are the hardest.
shorty in da bac yea she a star , i tell her bring it bac like a DVR
Steve Martin there's probably an app for that!
My sister read the book and wanted to go. It was very good. I've read a few Nicholas Sparks books...
Soko Photo is shooting & working on photos, of course.
i know we should. Lets do it!(:
I'm ok with a little rain in March, but it should also be 50 degrees out first!
s/o to god man he still keeping me
R u getting much snow? We are having light year here.
Wake up! So Collison & Ibaka is enough? I'm a Kobe hater but even I know LAL Bigs are too much w/o Perkins
You too. I wouldn't wish this cold on my worst enemy- sore throat, runny nose, and a fever. A nasty bit of business.
His Twitter Name Is Check My Bio Out...
i wish! i started my morning with pretty much the opposite: elliot smith
Anyone wanna sleep naked tonight
did you run out of seats for this webinar? I registered early but was sent an email saying I was denied access
Banks aren't the only wolves. #JHFCU raising my closed HELOC interest rate by 3.75% b/c I need to subordinate for refi of 1st.
All bands named after body parts should have to sing that body part song everyone sings in Kindergarten.
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up
What's going on? What's going on????
Aww, did u really? We missed being there! Hope to be touring up there again soon!!! it will be
The Bellmen are a #sxswmustsee band!
I'm looking for a great piano teacher in Orlando. Any recommendations?
Regular heartbeat: /\_/\_/\_/\_ My heartbeat with you: /\/\/\/\/\/\ My heartbeat w/o you: /\_________
Just saw an article about how midtown plots were mostly filled; hmm maybe not anymore.
RT : What a coincidence, I just printed a bunch of Marukan coupons from :)
says the best things <3 she definitely puts things into perspective for me (:
I hate sneezing.
leading The Move from Media Sales to Marketing Services in Ziegfield in five minutes!
#dontgetmestarted On how the google search set up is just not visually appealing, you should check out www.tomorrowbook.com
oh pish...you're so un-american
Im really into taylor swift songs right now . >
muh fuggas fucked up my music day, im al outta sorts now. damn wow. one call thats all huh david gruber? one call to fuck shit up
Dine #alfresco & enjoy the gorgeous weather on our outdoor patio! Get classics like Roasted Chicken Vesuvio w/ parmesan crusted red potatoes
yeah new faces are cool, but that's if they ever come in! It's like a ghost town over here.
Just walked by the mens fragrance counter and spotted a Cologne called "sexual fresh" ?! So weirded out!!
awww! Join the club
lol. I have nearly all his albums. Have a cd of hank sr's first time on the grand ole oprey.
the windshield said "hiya" to a LOT of moths in Colorado. Better get the rebreeding program started again.
Moving our code repository to git. Use the right tool for the job. On our way yo a better release process.
Easy wit the insults don't be fuggin mad cuz the CAVS will never win a championship!!
I'm leavin for beantown tomorrow for 12 days so whoever wants to kick it tonight in da burbs hit me up.
I assure you that I feeling is mutual!
Breakfast Pizza, Almond filled Crepes Suzette! Brunch on the Patio. Brewers at 12:35, PRICELESS!!!! EAT LOCAL AND EAT WELL.
Academics are often ignorant of the discipline right next door.
Lat lit class- describe the climax of the novel: they have sex, he dies, she eats a candle, she dies
Sipping at home. I just ran out of Mezcal and switched to Tequila. I'm not sipping anymore.
no prob. thanks for all the great info!
Bout to gett ready fa Work
"Whose year? Our year!!" happy 2012
oh.we can be friend
sorry folks I had a constituent call missed the back and forth
Will our children mostly eat from food trucks?
Egypt Proved Change Is Possible, Sexy and Cool!
Let it snow let it snow let it snow! :-D
A mother's love....
lmao i fucn know, I always wish they would sell in jars like that marshmallow shit but they dont  i only fux wit doublestuf
Biggest fears spiders losing someone i love and tree branches<-insider
lol I can't shake it. Nickname dubbed by some friends when I studied in Africa.
Okay people, really? Are you THAT shocked about Oasis? I think it'll be a matter of MINUTES when Noel's back in. #Oasis #Noel Gallagher
you take that tweet back sir
Nevermind...found it.
May 15, 1896: The #StPaul Saints, play their 1st home game at Aurora Park, beating the Grand Rapids Yellow Jackets 17-0.
Apparently these people didn't get the whiteout message
agree the principle is at the crux of issue. I encourage those detractors to live in Toledo, OH a few years.
The leadership librarians provide determines the future our students achieve! Don Leu
I know i should call but i won't
And of course the new song Dave debuted on Kimmel, "Murky."
Yes! We'll be waiting!
I agree. I think the LT team could make something beyond beautiful. Hear that, Tim?
Omw to school !
You been hanging with Rick
You gonna fly with me.
And future self, if you have a time machine and aren't sharing it with me, you're a bastard.
Guess the Herald Jinx wasn't an issue, congrats
It looked like a routine fly ball
Can't want to my summer break to hang out more with frens and family doing me no stress
Glad you had a great experience. Pat rocks!
Congrats to on winning $75 in Routledge books! I'll DM you with instructions for claiming your prize!
Patriot fans already showing up to get seats. A few Tebow fans as well!
It's too many niggas in MKE that act like girls I can't deal man the fuck up
when do you have a workshop for Encino/Tarzana/Woodland Hills?
Thanks for the retweet! They are so good!
Delta are usually okay but sometimes they are horrible at customer service. Some Staff need to be trained in professionalism.
so experiences of aura are certainly real, but they are not about objects in themselves. It takes two to feel authenticity?
her name is Carly. And she is only a few years old :)
The FREE Comedy Intro with Jackie Geary will be held at 10545 Burbank Blvd # 105 North Hollywood, CA 91601 this Thursday at 7pm. Want in?
What a long crazy fun weekend! Snap back to reality...
Magneto may have the top #mutantability of all
Just queued up 50 / 50, starring Seth Rogen and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I want to have a threesome with this movie.
I hate when shit like that happens.
I enjoyd giving advice anything else? Direct message or tweet me
nah I'm moving to Wisconsin
I plan on putting down at least 400 bucks on Sarah Jessica Parker winning the Kentucky Derby.... Guaranteed money!!!
#depressingsitcoms Fresh Prince of Balls
On the come up
WOW! What a great FF championship game! Congrats Tx A&M on your first FF & first win in school history! Great game ladies!
Right, with the Roman Empire and their plans to take over the earth. Theme was spot on for your ‘world peace’ statement.
Thanks for the shout-out to Beezow!
So hungry my stomach is cramping. HURRY GRAMMMMMAAA.
Um are you also dying to know what makes Emily scream in her Barbie voice, "I have never been so angry!"
you are a crazy driver! D:
I could NEVER have a tarantula for a pet....I have a fear of spiders!
#imagine You: will you ever love another girl more than me? Austin: yes someday but she will look just like you and will call u mommy <3
Say no more. I'm in! RT : Go On = Community + Sports Night + Chanandler Bong
We also provide the community with crime prevention seminars, team building seminars, and business risk assessments
Ugh I really don't like hearin complaints about how piano should be my whole life. It's not so get over it. Why don't u play piano huh?
Bumper sticker: "keep working, millions on welfare depend on you." seriously.. Wtf. How about keep job searching, stop depending on others.
Children who experience #hunger early in life have developmental delays and health problems in life. 1 in 4 US children are food insecure.
My baby brother is in Omaha with #Mizzou. So proud.
where ya movin to?
But minimalism's for me! (Hi Tara!)
sorry, I didn't make it concession stand. I stayed out on t-ball field to help get it ready.
Making pistachio encrusted tilapia...we'll see how it turns out.
#SignsUrAHoodRatMother You take your child with you as you go out running the streets
#AustinMahone is moving to Miami I think I'm gonna cry actually you know I am crying #DontLeaveTexas !!!!!;"(
Nope, not at the San Francisco mixer last night - original plan was to fly out but life intervened. Did you have fun?
So is Brad Richards playing today?
You have to tell yourself that just because one thing doesn't work out, it doesn't mean nothing will. Trust me <3
in #onmymind by whenever he sings "give me the chance to love you" i wish he was singing that to me ...
Launch ur assault now!!!
Her name is Philippa, her nickname is Pippa, kind of how Henry's nickname is Harry
On your own timing, with your own rules as usual....lol. Love ya!
Nissan is the worst car dealership to do business with. I am outraged!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nothing feels better than a nice hot shower after a freezing cold softball game.
Listening to The Game 'The Documentary'
time to cram for my midterm tonight followed by a quiz....why my prof scheduled them both for the same time, i have no idea....
Maestro enjoys serving our clients - today we spent time brainstorming with a client on a new video and elearning campaign for sales reps.
pallin' around with terrorists...not so much.
You don't stop laughing because you grow old. You grow old because you stop laughing.
It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, "Always do what you are afraid to do." Ralph Waldo Emerson
So, have we gotten stuck in your head yet!? RT : Deeply might have possibilities, let's see how things develop! ;-)
We're working on an excellent May meetup. We'll have details soon! Interested in sponsoring food? Email us:
Fuck I need to sleep.
Looking forward in making way more acting gigs this year 
Huge Night coming up _sbe with #Loaded on 3-22-12. Contact me for VIP tables and tickets.
Yay!!!! I love flow charts!! LOL. You are the BEST Marianne! You always make my day. I mean it!
everything you need is in the report, let me know if you have other questions
Now I'm picturing Jack doing the John Cena hand-in-front-of-face wave.
People make me laugh:)
RT : BREAKING: Joey Crawford's referee crew has been fired for violating #NBA policy by allowing the #Heat to lose
ahh I think it's cuz I haven't ate all day 😔. Ah that's sucks I would sleep all day lol
Sorry, pride, for using a picture of Demi Lovato as my model for the hair stylist today.
I'm super nice if you're nice to me. But fuck stubborn bitches.
Balderdash. The party started when you showed up Chris! has a way of kicking things into overdrive is all.
Good Morning, Twitter Friends. I hope you all slept well.
**kneels before Jason Aldean poster......
Yay! Michael/Maria baby. I like that. Did Kyle and Izzy end up together?
love the new kicks
Thanks to all the wonderful speakers who submitted proposals! Expect a schedule soon!
#iQuote "Your success...lies in you. Resolve to keep happy...and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties." ~ Helen Keller
Going to a party tomorrow!!! yaya
do you need someone to talk to? I'm always here dear : )
You ain't gotta lie to kick it Calvin.. Just tell the truth? :)
Loved hearing #BoiseState to the Pac-12 talk on this week! Would make for some amazing matchups and rivalries!
And hearing that makes ME feel good! :)
“: Cullen now with Setoguchi and Heatley. Koivu hurt about 7:40 into the game after check” left arm not moving much on replay.
Gives me a good excuse to plant myself by the window with a book and a hot cup of tea. How was Rubbish?
where have you been?!
I can't wait for your new single. Everything you do is brilliant<21
"together you can stir a gentle sea breeze or drown in your own sexual tsunami. But oh, the romance is worth it. ' :D
RT Say you'll be surprised of we get to the sweet 16? Dude a joke! Settle for nothing but a ship!!
I saw a space for delicious treats when I was there Thursday!
Damn I want to Go cop these Kicks!!!
i wanna cry. BUT that would show weakness. plus that is a really stupid reason to cry.
I'm so bored in class. Someone save me lol
thanks Paul
Love it. Hope Rangers ate next!
Next year we'll have an air horn #dcswa people like chatting more than sessions
. pulling talk on income inequality is further evidence we cant trust biz types like to control convo around tech & soc
can you make my WWE theme song when i grow up.
A Salute to all our Military Personnel .
Hope you feel better Nick! (:
yeah, lame! im not :( idk bout the other girls
HI AUSTIN IM JEYLIN BONILLA AND PLZ GO CHECK OUT MY COUSIN AND CHECK OUT HIS RAPS, HE IS A SICK RAPPER !
I've been writing in the hero's pov all day. Ready to grow hair on my chest.
Of course, Jimmy! Have you been a guest on any other podcasts?! There's always a seat open for the hometown marmot.
im gonna vote for yall for the rest of the day #PopOff vote vote vote<3
Jenny House of : expect to see less formula funds and more competitive funds in the future
Happy Pride Day! Go GAY people !
she had it added to the twitter terms & conditions
At social networking panel in S'field w three super engaging panelists. Dubeauclard, Krause and Wolfe rock.
Thanks Teresa:-) The blog is pretty new but I'm having fun with it. Glad you stopped by to visit.
sad face.
If Ohio Wesleyan made the field than Wittenberg has to get a nod.
Thx. Waiting to hear back from my web guy. He usually fixes this before I ever notice... : )
Were you able to list your items from your laptop? Let us know if there is any way we can help!
if it cured a disease, saved lives, hell yes I would. Knowing that I contributed to our world in that way would mean more than $
hi Prudence and welcome to our twitter stream!
happy birthday rock you are the best
Thanks! Email me you address and I'll mail you a set. Contact me through my website: www.wilsongraphics.net
I can hang after the 20th. I am all work, no play 'til then. Miss you gobs!
Sounds like a perfect night to us! Enjoy!
We found second place yes!
Designing cards for my mom and MIL for #mothersday right now. Thanks &
For all you Minecraft people, what's... The point? I built an awesome house, but now what?
": HAPPY BDAY!!!" THANKS SO MUCH!!! I APPRECIATE IT!!!
RT : Help! Where would be a good place near the Delta Centre-Ville in Montreal to take a group of 15-20 people for breakfast?
Bummed I won't be watching any playoff games tonight. But if the LAkers lose, y'all call me, hear? I'll fudderwacken all over Bmore.
Ugh. Body aches! Good thing I'm off.
Good pass Rondo!!!!
Jamba training class day
Learning how storytelling works across new and traditional media platforms for nonprofits and social justice w
I just remembered being stuck backstage at the AMAs with Whitney Houston while Pink was rehearsing. Weird.
Now, he can be stranded on second for the first time in his career.
And Newt is the most grotesquely large politicians since William Howard Taft.
your friend Kyle is hot .
Last day of FINALS at JHU. Quiet around here. Most of our guys are already home on break. Enjoy the Holiday Season!
Container Store, I love you. My wallet, on the other hand, does not.
: thank u for your support of marriage for ALL couples! You have taken a historic stand you should be proud of
100% commitment is the key to success or as it has been said...once you have crossed the river burn your boat and you must move forward-go!
It's official - Dolphins will draft a QB and go to camp with Matt Moore, Garrard and Rookie - And oh yeah, no one to throw to.......
I think it was a pretty successful night
thank you so much! A lot is riding on it. How are you?
Want to offer your customers telecom solutions? We have a fantastic deal that gives our channel partners 100% of the profit! Reply for info.
Congrats again. The picture on Facebook of you and the Lila is great. Proud papa, for sure. Enjoy it.
Last tweet via - Thanks for that great inspiration!
Please follow and let her know that i sent yu!!! thanks so muchchhhh
Hauptfeld states that SDCC doesn't need to reinvent the wheel. Cut bureaucracy and the community will flourish
#mydivorcesong Party in the USA
Yup, first ever, eek! I'm both nervous and excited. Hopefully I'll have enough energy. I'm not a morning person!
High ass nivgas on the streets always asking me for money does it look like i have money ugh
Turns out most of the boxes I had no clue what to do with were Summer School books and were removed today. Huzzah!
ah! Kanye's film. Looks good unfortunately we don't have any plans to screen it. We'll let you know if that changes!
I want to get a kiss on the cheek by <3
woohoo! You're the best :)
Bad things happening on Downtown Abbey! That's unheard of! Absurd!
is a boss, hands down.
Amazing (not in a good way) when all the end-of-semester lies and shenanigans come from ONE STUDENT.
Oh great #guru, please whisper in my ear a TE that shal replace antonio gates. Mekaleka-hi-meka-hiney-ho.
Enjoying the #holiday season! how about you?
I've never seen someone have so much fun. ;)
Hey nba comissioner, raise the hoop. These guys look fucking ridiculous dunking with their elbows.
Is this Jobs? RT : Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.
can I be one of the charters in your new story?!(:
Riseeeeeand get to it
Oh did I forget to mention I'm OFF TOMORROW! Thank Jebus!
believe me, I feel your pain!
Thank you!
Looking for some Spring/Summer colorful graphic Ts? Just bought a bunch from Old Navy and they are all fantastic. Highly recommend!
I bet it was bananas in Lexington tonight. Coming to Oregon next week?
Rough start to the day. Good thing the next item on my list is #fridaycoffeeclub :D Time to ride a bike. :D
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!48
Happy April fools day, liars.
The only thing that makes life bearable without love is music. A weak anesthetic if you will.
500 Followers!! Thanks to all of you who are following Land is the Limit! Hope you all see some good fishing posts from us!
I'm going too fast heart first my head can't slow me down.
looking forward to the weekend
for dinner. Great food and beautiful view of downtown SD.
As long as a test still represents meaningful behavior, there is no reason to remove it.
sez "if nobody in your network annoys you, you're in an echo chamber"
Thnx! Bring ur guy friends and "suggest" they give you their girl tix! RT : Guys Night is a great idea!
Backstage Rush tomorrow.! <3
The 30th Annual Adams Avenue Street Fair will begin a two day run. More than 60 musical acts across six stages. PRWB open 11am-12midnight
i love that I just came out of a black out, inside Poto, only down $50, and yet still knew how to get my unknown companion back to her car.
It's like giving them a surprise handjob
don't wear your earrings to bed!
"Education is not filling a bucket but lighting a fire." - William Butler Yeats
no punctuation. No nothing.
also anti-fur shoes...there's something about it that just works
This dude The Weekend & his producers gon have ery1 producing post dub step/hop hop/RnB beats like Genuine timbo & missy did back n da day
In my mind, in my head, this is where we all came from.The dreams we had, the love we shared,this is what we're waiting for...
Good thing I have a scooter and an external hard drive.
Just got off a power call / Story Bridge Project coming to Oakland Public Schools May - Dec 2012 for African American Males
Freaks and Geeks is a great show
I went to rehab once.... All I got was a lousy T-shirt
listening to Gamma Gamma "War Games" before heading out. Love it.
Thanks Spencer!
Come to Portland, Oregon, Pacific Northwest.... ya dig
Being single is not an excuse to be a hoe.
fina go get a touch up i need some more ink doe
Another night, Another dream, wasted on you.
#np I got a thang for you-- #MagnoliaShorty R.i.P Ma
Study from Univ of Wiscon.grades access to healthcare,healthy food,how long we live.SD ranks 18 of 56 CA counties
Business Costso today from 11 am - 2 pm 222 MLK 89106! Stop by and get a cheesesteak and some Italian Ice! It's a great day to be hungry!!
laugh my butt off!
I haven't seen them since 2006 so I'm really excited!
Okay I quit for the night! Forget this dam paper!
how long does it usually take to process an order?
Im at Burger King watching people get defeated by a touch screen soda fountain!
Ian rapping drake>>
if you see this tweet will you please follow me thanks :)
We hit the studio this May!
huge road trip friday! im excited. a little nervous.
same to you.
“: Butterflies? I feel the entire zoo in my stomach when I see you.”
Sheet Metal Hole | Band Saws and Bits
awe (: well I'm happy for you!!!!
that's great brother! he already comes with targets on his body. that's what the stars on his chest are for, right??
If my sister takes my air conditioner out of my room at all the next 3 months she's getting punched
Go to bed at 8, wake up at 2?
Totally been off my game with the weight loss the last month or so! Frustrating to say the least!!!😣
Typical, looks like God is gonna pee on my plans. Hoping it clears by pregame time.
too hard to find a source ;)
ohh ya 19 on ACT .. FIRST TRY.! YA BABY
#jumbolove - then, now, always
I like a little bit of everything. This morning I'm listening to Humble Pie LIve at the Filmore. Last night was Tracy Chapman
Callbacks are done, now I wait . . .
"The guns are drawn and I ain't talking bout a sketch. Prepared for the worst but still praying for the best."
At least we have good jams today at work
STOP #SOPA AND #PIPA!!!! We need our sites and internet freedom!1
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 60
hey love u
At The End Of The Day Everybody By They Self
oh nice, um, got one for me? **begs** Cheers!
“: Pac-12 alert: Colorado, only unbeaten team in the conference (3-0), has to be in the bracket."
Yay! Schools out (':
At a Dominican hair salon, I hope they understand me when I say ONLY CUT MY TIPS.. -_-
My girlfriend likes to talk to me during sex...last night she called me from a motel
Paving work expected to tie up traffic on NW 185th this week between West Union and Westview H.S...work today is 8:30 - 3:30.
Glad NPR just gave a nod during their piece on ukuleles. Ukulele power ftw!
your dad says he's gonna find me a rich Greek hahah I can't wait for the food
Bout to check out Herbie Hancock backstage
Whenever anxious about $$-multiply by giving!!!
The Empire has struck back
When is coming back to the ATL?
Thank you for the
OMG!! The Master Cleanse isn't a diet!!!!! Hello!
wow, that was completely unexpected, and he made the wrong decision!
OH SHIT! IT'S ABOUT TO GET COSMIC IN THE MCU!
... that bad? Omg lol I bet Someones gonna die and come back to life or some chiz
huge fan totally rocking it with class. Way better than the others .
did you see iit in Chicago????
If you rap or sing RETWEET!
shii i cuda came tuesday but was too lazy. ill c if i cud come next week thursday iA
I just want to wake up next to you.
Delany's book "Blake: Or the Huts of America" is a novel abt escaped slaves who go to Cuba & start a black nation
haha i know!!
is at the bar w/ Nick and friends for Nick's bday.
in bed, saving energy for tomorrow. Where r u?
#ATL #Atlanta #karaoke lovers --> Follow us on Twitter -->
what happen to the tt ! I have nothing to laugh at !.
You're Mexican? Ahuevooo! Gringos .l.
whats his twitter?!
I love that movie! :D Its hilarious Ive seen it like 3 times
"You miss 100% of the shots you never take."---Wayne Gretzky Have a great day and I hope your weather is as beautiful as it is here in K.C.
I'm sorry colts fans I'm gona buy me a Denver manning jersey cause that's how much I love you Peyton manning :)
Northwestern bball has just missed 9 of 10 shots but football just signed Kyle Pratar. Go Kyle. Go Cats!
I feel naked without a phone...Leaving my charger places just isnt cool
My class is being observed and filmed today!
No, but I'll check it out. Thanks!
Just a warning to everyone, im prolly gunna look like crap and be crying on monday. Lmao. Justa heads up
ROFL! RT : I give Tebow 3 months in NYC before he's photographed coming out of Jay-Z's 40/40 club with hookers and blow.
Lets pray!
seriously...i grew up a #Pistons fan...same feeling...
Well, I'm sorry I'm not like her...
Yes I miss
Welcome, you handsome fella.
Did you take your video camera home with you?
ahahaha ph that must be fun :P
It's a Sunny Crisp morning! The tortillas are ready, and the coffee is brewing!
My mind has been blown. Lilly wrote the song "Alfie" about her brother Alfie Allen... who plays Theon Greyjoy on Game of Thrones!
He took it hard yesterday, ask the fellas...had a mild one yesterday and shook all of them. He didn't want to discuss it, I understand.
last night i dreamed about us meeting eachother and that we hugged..AWWW-_- i hope that dream comes true<21
Wow...they're really on Maria about that laugh
that's a Pittsburgh thing!
thank u guys for my bday party!! Amazing night:)
See ya later Monday, you're not all that bad.
RT : There are about 160 analysts at the #Huawei event, combination of financial analysts and industry analysts covering...
Creating an opportunity, who needs design services?
what up, cricket?
Theres no hope he called him justin mahone D: Watch him walk right past him and not even say anything fdhfksjfka omgg
I'm thinking it works best to use it once or twice during the semester for a small group, to mix things up a bit.
You sure that doesn't just say more about your colleague?
I suggest you all do the same RT : I'll be taking so many naps this week so I have plenty of energy for game on Sat
what about expanding the cookie business? our team can help, website, kitchen space, standardized recipes.
. has gotten flack for its (lack of) safety initiatives but nostalgia-inducing ad makes me want to believe it is "evolving"
This, forever, times infinity RT ATTN #YANKEES GO HOME YOU DICKBEATERS
so sad about the football player " Jr" who died by his own hands... makes you wonder about all those hits to the head football players take
SO TRUE!
Dear can you please be a little more enthusiastic when narrating a soccer game?!!!! I want to hear a GOAL!!!! thx
have you touched #blackjack yet?! Double Down on 11 and split double 8s.
smh I cant take it!
He does have quite the mancrush doesn't he?
RT : RETWEET if You Follow Back Like I Do #teamfollowback - almost always, unless spam tweep or blatant advertiser
Love it! Enjoy Chicago!
He's coming back! #colts RT : REGGIE! REGGIE! REGGIE!!!!!!!
I thought they did have traffic in Canada? WTH?
or wonder?
3/21/1776->N. Cooke:I am extremely sorry to hear that your Militia are so deficient in Arms—I fear the misfortune is too common
Today seems like a good day to decorate the door to our offices. Paper snowmen aren't as fun all the real thing, but they'll have to do.
Congrats to Philly. Regardless of No D.Rose the #Bulls had plenty of chAnces to win this series but shut down. Til next year...
Keep us in mind when you're ready to frame it!
We're so glad you're here!
Fiber is the intestinal toxin sweeper. Aim for 25 grams/day for women and 38 grams for men. Think veggies, beans, fruits, berries!
Going from #OpenWrt back to #SlugOS/BE for embedded server experiments.
#thankgod for friends don't know what I'd do without them.😃😃😃😃 RT if u feel the same way
why are their already gifs on tumblr of the boyz on abdc ？ #notlooking #notreblogging DONT SPOIL THIS MAGICAL MOMENT FOR ME.
Yes 1st we do our homework and then we just play in the gym
Such A Great Day ;) God Bless U All
Seems like I never use this anymore. That could be a problem if there were any people that actually read my shit :)
#ThankYouBIGBANG for just being straight up awesome
Know some amazing #YoungMinds? Tell them to apply now 4 a chance to attend Google in Sept! bit.ly/qpcMoM
Meeting at 630 with a marine recruiter... Hopefully this will help me decide what I wanna do... :-)
Well Ryan Braun just hit his third ball out of Petco Park. Safe to say the slump is over?
those remind me of an after school snack :-)
It was interesting seeing Anthony Edwards with a full head of hair
Follow --> We are committed to teaching a lifestyle of wellness empowered by fitness & nutrition
Love? Did you hear how she stalked him?
It's the weekend!!! Happy Friday to all. Don't forget to relax and to take care of your body :)
Stuck on research or having problems? #AskAQuestion We’ll be on chat from 8 am to 11 am and 6 pm to 9 pm.
Class #2111 enjoy your golden week.
mT : Twitter is my teacher's lounge. Inspired educators with engaging ideas.
#nowplaying Survivor by Destiny's Child. Because Ma Royle's name is Destiny and I love to watch Survivor.
I write because wonderful books make me feel ALIVE! I hope to create the experience that other writers have for me.
Don't you just love morning txts?!
We are #thankful for as well! What an amazing job you do and so great to work with!
Your source for Unfinished Brazilian Hardwood Flooring * FCL
Why work out if you're walking on the treadmills and chatting the whole time? IDGI.
This could be interesting to see what comes out of this situation.
RT The integrity of a man is truly revealed in trial. The lack thereof may be revealed in 140 characters or less.
To be overwhelmed by ecstatic joy
/ theatre skills are SO real-world relevant! Though why no butcher paper this time?
Nikoo cant reply to EVERYBODY,
Launching just in time for Black His/Her Story Month, www.thewritelifeshow.com New Post: "The Dreamer, The Believer...The Writer".
I am quite literally sick and tired :(
thank you for supporting the cause.
I literally love you <3. You tweet so much when your on tour. You get so happy! I love you. #dowhatyoudobest<3
the only person who has my voice down pack is my 2nd personality
talking about me behind my back? that means my life is obviously more interesting than yours
Can I get a vaccine to inoculate me against H1N1 anxiety?
How could I take seriously with that avatar? Did he lose a bet? Will the NYPD be talking to him about it? They should.
Scheduling a brunch with a friend on Mother's day might not have been the best choice.
I try too. Last year I came home around July. I'll be home lik3 3 days after my birthday. We gotta do some extreme fun! Cook outs
Making shrimp scampi for a late dinner!
text me!
Is Popsicle a proper noun? Haha!
Apples to Apples Day in #creativecomp. Reminds me of Spring study hall 2011!
haha there's no point of studying!
I live for the summer nights....
Praying it inspires your faith to new levels. ^staff RT : Starting in our life group this week. Very excited.
Wahoo for orders that were placed this weekend! Looking forward to seeing the shirts on the streets!!
enjoy my island brother
Hello World!!
I bought my Dad some Italian leather book covers for his scriptures. Shhhh, don't say anything. It's a surprise
I rarely text anyone anymore.. I just text someone to tell them I wanna chill or if I'm texting my boy.
I just died watching the new Dark Knight Rises preview.
Also matters that photos were only latest in recent string of crude representations of Appalachia. Straw/camel, etc
Thx! May I see an example of this quick tip document?
y'all might call it the granddaddy because it pulls slow
The Dust. It just keeps coming back!
yeah same here #Cotto fought his ass off tho!
Get to tonight for good drink specials and great music provided by myself and !
40 points in the first!
Dude! Josie found this at target clearanced for 5 bucks! You should go check it out!
"Looking at next 5-10 years you’re not going to see huge and disruptive change" [in journal publishing]
Hey , cheif those Jets are done Sanchez is a clown he to scary but anyway hope all is well . check me out week 11 looks easy
Can I get two packs of Marlboro's. Some snowballs. And a JUMBO COKE
This Korean dude on idol is amazing. #unexpected <3
Happy Friday!! Warm up today with a spicy chicken sandwich for lunch!
Just watched episode 2 of Shameless, what a great show!
yes, very funny and interesting. Definitely worth seeing...and vote at cvillemovies.com!
lets hope he doesnt..but not looking good.
It's a federal holiday, meaning all federal offices are closed, but most businesses remain open.
you act like its a surprise... She would blow a tree
Leadership is getting someone to do what they don't want to do, to achieve what they want to achieve
you should follow me, and i'll buy you a cookie. no joke.
Last day in #vegas about to go hammer
For my Fans Im gonna put one more track...give me ten minutes..
Kick the dog... RT : A3: Wring your hands, cry a lot and quit...no, reverse that! Never too late!!! Ever!!!
has read your tweets, seen your username, thinks about how much each and every #Mahomie loves him. He notices YOU.
Headed to see #thehungergames at the Arclight with
It looks like Facebook is (finally) rolling out timeline. Any idea what this means for pages ?
Went to a fun. show last night; it was magnificent! They are such an amazing band. Everyone should own a copy of Aim & Ignite!! <3
your #AdvoCare business cards should arrive tomorrow. Any wagers on Cowboys/Bears Sunday? :) In Dallas but a Bears fan!
lolol y'all did ?
"Boy dese BROADS ah Trip"
Congratulations to !
thanks again! i've done that....only prob is it prints a separate dropdown for each option in the array...stupid html formatting
I woke up with 50 Facebook notifications and felt really popular. Turns out 49 of them were my mom.
i was at work from 330 to 1230 :(
Great day of riding with some grilling after.
EVERYONE!!!!!PLEASE RE-FOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!! REFOLLOW ME!! AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
alright Celtics, see you in Game 7
Did you see that is #4 on CMG Radio chart?
Happy December 1st! Cue the Christmas music...
Had a potato bar pitch-in lunch at work today...outstanding idea! It was great!
Femfessionals is! We support and connect biz women. We just launched our Minneapolis chapter!
Did you say that old librarians are practically dead? They seem to be making too many decisions.
I'll give you best prices ever. What do you need? White home button? 6$. What else? Tell me...
What was your halloween costume?
Drake > everyone else
:/ I know but ill tell you everything inaf
#96barstofreedom TURN UP
nice...good hunting...
Watching Rango. This is weirdly good. Goodly weird. Feel like I'm watching an animal version of Fallout.
Any chance my wonderful friend is awake?? We need to talk ASAP!! And maybe eat Chinese too, LOL!
Goin fishin tomorrow!! Weather looks great. Plenty of room if you want to join us. 3 more days for tog 2011!!
Terry bradshaw just had on a 3 pc suit and ugg boots
Apparently my facebook post from earlier today is why the #Brewers are losing. Sorry guys.
Miguel! A student membership? You're my hero & sole recipient of a #FollowWednesday tweet. You rock (in the classical way).
Ringling Brothers Ringmaster Alex Ramon just sent me a beautiful gift from his time with the Greatest Show on Earth! Thank you Alex.
Penn State Coach/Icon Joe Patero dies. RIP JoPa
Losing followers
Looking forward to seeing folks in the ol' Boulder stomping ground this week.
RT : what could have been is as real as what never was
I'm so glad for this day off I have so much to catch up on and the first thing I'm catching up on is rest.
Come to the Backbooth and hang! :)
Massive 7 was awesome, the Campus rail jam was cool, and the tradeshow at the Dept. of Skateboarding was tight. That was a busy weekend!
#vra2012 Kleman - when talking to teachers about how to use video in the classroom, it is obvious the system is broken.
is happy we won the game and brutally hung over today. Hey, the proceeds from the Rockbar Mad Dog shots went to charity-"It's for the kids!"
Certainly. But keep in mind the anti-stats backlash from defenders of the status quo, which is still prevalent in MLB 10 yrs ltr.
true fans support Justin & Selena
Today is the shortest day and longest night of the year. Have a cool yule!
Asa lead, Kell'd all over her
William Levy
awww thats no fun i love chokein on a big fat dick
"It's often said a young child is like a sponge, but...a sponge can be wrung dry, while everything that goes into a child stays there."
What has been imagined cannot be unimagined.
Its raining, its pouring, my old man is snoring, he went to bed this morning.
A shame that Hue Jackson got fired. I liked him. At the same time, you don't trade two first rounders (potentially) for Carson Palmer...
Right now! thanks for keeping me compnay sweetheart you're the best everyone else is asleep goodnight lovely
isn't that every night for you? ;)
Want to sell beats online? Here's how.... 1. Find something that works 2. Apply it to your website 3. Scale it.
no me importar
Lmao no kidding
going to get my Steve Maddens today(: can't wait to wear them out!
you didn't spring for teh deluxe model? lol
take me to wright today I'll give you a present Friday 😁
Congrats on scoring the second interview!
Do you like twibble? I need a new twitter client for bb.
Food fact of the Day: March 31, 1989 Japanese Chefs in New York persuade the FDA to allow them to import and serve fogu.
Performing alongside the lovely and talented Emily Clibourn tonight at Room 5 in LA. 10 pm. Stoked.
In bed by 830, you know it was a long day. #donttalktome #halfdead #shitidoformybestfriend @
made muhh self some pancakes:)
it's not my fault I have a heavy flow and a wide set vagina.
I'm surprised how popular the air jordons still are, I bet he is 2. Walking home last night & saw a line in front of foot locker, new shoes!
Today is an Actors' Day Friday.....with 2 tv auditions and one voice-over....so grateful they CALL...never take it for granted!
To all the Admin Pros, Happy Administrative Professionals' Day! "Sorry you have to work on the holiday honoring your work!"
no bombs tonight. disappointed?
I totally agree! Officiating was flat out terrible in this game. Ladies deserve better.
omg.. my favorite
It is a man law violation for a man to monkey on a stick or do the sissy boo!!!
With the new iPhone 4S Santa brought this Christmas, I've decided to jump back on Twitter.
Can't believe tomorrow is the last day of school...don't really know how to react to that 😏
RT N now those bots selling exercise/diet stuff will try to follow me. S***. lol.
All candidates, equally? That's crazy. I don't support that, and I'm a county chair. All should get some support.
#Google or Facebook: #Ihaveanidea! It is new & BIG. It's 4 social media, politics, status, trends & water cooler 122011
Long time for sure hommie..... I see you're still doing your thing....
Last day to save 30% off all regular priced merchandise when you use your Gap Card!
Sounds like an MTV show. Maybe they'd be interested in producing such a show.
everyday I wake up im trying to better myself and my family
ready for snow and cold to go away
really, Beauty and the Beast is my favorite it was on yesterday, can u believe i have never watched Aladdin?
Happy Monday!
Doing my VMware sales training - module 5 and I FINALLY get some information about the technology as opposed to the company!
Thank you for coming out to support the race today!
I am so bored
Miss you Liz! Hope you're having a great #plantech!
Then there is undercutting eyewitness accounts of destruction w/ expert opinions from across the country.
Only seeing the positive, all you negative people, find someone else to bug. I dont need or want you around
If I had a dollar for every pet picture link I opened up and didn't wanna see in just this one year alone...
I want to eat mac n cheese all day everyday
I was just listening to our song. Distance makes the heart grow fonder. Right?
blessings always come back! Good for you!
I miss my morning talk buddy . I hope Vegas is both productive and fun! I also hope that Harding is feeling better.
Flyers nearing Granite Ridge softball title - St. Cloud Times
She stay #UNDER me cuz she kno dat the only one over me is #GOD!
15 hours left with DEVONthink. Baby, I just can't let you go.
haha oh I know!!!
Everyone thinks am South African......read history
Groupon ; evening daily deal begins today. Will only sale 10 per day
Getting ready to attend No Dog Left behind - lets reunite some soldiers with the dogs they cared for while in Afghanistan!
Work all day today. Then resting tonight. Work tomorrow. Then schoolwork. Busy end of semester.
Thank you Velvet! If I tried to do everything you would I'd surely end up in the hospital, Lol. Hope yours is just as naughty
you just wait until the 18th. You're gonna like what you see. I guarantee it
Congrats to on 's new home! Our Gospel Choir looks forward to celebrating w/you TODAY! The fun starts !
I want to go back for a few things i did wrong :x
WHY ???? WHY??? WHY??? CAN"T MLB.TV GET THIS RIGHT!?!? I don't pay to NOT SEE MY TEAM PLAY ON THE FREAKING WEEKEND
Just did segment on fox business news on nfl kickoff. Why no sponsors naming sponsors at meadowlands????
Are Castle and Beckett gonna kiss! Spill the beans!
Your so lucky Followed you and DM'd you! Congrats! (:
Take Care is one of the dopest albums ever made.
hey y'all, any chance you can help us make it to 400 followers? we only need 30 more today! thanks so much in advance! :)
Giants cheesecake cupcakes or Boston Cream pie for them Pats? #who'syourcupcake
Nothin like a little lizard hunting to start your day
Vibes Media
HiYa Linda...I am lurking away here, curating the greatest hits from this chat on :)
followed x
: nothing like a free cup of coffee, but nothing better then a good cup of coffee!
Driving back to Zanesville is like being an Ice Trucker. Wow... Snow fog is weird. I just washed all the dang salt off van.
": The only thing I need from you now, is solitude."
Yes only Tweet 100 limit time that it
Pulling an all nighter to read this book and write a 6 pager
I'd learn more in my online improv class if I wasn't still on dialup.
I'm with ABC News in New York, trying to reach Leo Millar's parents. Orthaedic clinic closed. Contact info? Help
Thankyewverymuch! Only 5 more years 'til I can apply for those sweet, sweet AARP benefits and discounts! ;-)
With the exception of Twitter & texts, it annoys me when people don't use two spaces in between their sentences.
&#39;I am cycling for my life,&#39; says Rwanda&#39;s Byukusenge
Kara, a clever thought perversity of chance
RT : Playing with 80legs.com. Although early, this seems like an interesting service. I like their crawl packages and market place.
The last couple of weeks of the semester are so stressful!
haha sorry... I get distracted easily.
Anyone have connections for Knoxville, Chattanooga, and Nashville for this summer?
Flo lives at 187 unicorn dr
It's supposed to drop into the mid 30's tonight! Yikes.
Philly's Youth vs Boston's experience. Who do you have winning Game 1? Respond with
What was your biggest bridal splurge?
I certainly will!
the #wiunion - #jan25 parallels are creepy sometimes
correction, next time I want a FREE cab ride I call you RT The cop let him off on the ticket so he paid it forward...
Josh Hamilton to become free agent means are in the mix!
I wanna get rid of all the unnecessary shit in my closet and start over....👍👍
Anyone had the #Monster that has protein in it? What it taste like?
Thats okay. Thanks for the support!!
It is absurd to divide people into good and bad. People are either charming or tedious. ~Oscar Wilde
You cant be happy if your always trying to please others. You have to make yourself happy. Its not selfish to put yourself first .
omg if i took a pic with them i wouldnt hug them cause i would like passout no joke i would prob. Start crying
Get a nice tan and make new memories. That's all I really wanna do. This summer will be a summer to remember.
They are them. We are us. Fck them. All.
yeah, a lot of Bostonians are turning on him. It's just a matter of time.
Single's Safari is always fun! You should come all you can eat & drink for $35 plus it's good people watching ;)
Kennedy re: lack of mental health providers. Rural areas are short on them. People get help every few months instead of few days
I honestly don't think, in your destructive zeal, you understand why America just turned against you
With August 15th marking National Relaxation Day, we want to know how YOU unplug and recharge. So how will you celebrate today?
feel you my daddy is just not a daddy he is a father. Can talk about anything and not be judged by him love him to DEATH
hows sorority life?
Wish that I could steal away for a while...
I want to be righteous like Abraham n Noah so I can live a couple hundred years serving the lord.
I want my mom to get home..I want cheddars :)
how is everyone feeling
iPad for sure huh? I hear ya!
Happy easter, I hope you have a good day. (:
he touched me softly, gently on my head then carelessly to my back
haha no way!!! I do all the time sir!! :) Charles is always open!
Just finished first programming class. Holy testosterone batman!
TMOY is outstanding start to finish.Rabbit's Foot is awesome.Great writing, great execution / production.MMB never fails!
What covers would you like to hear from us?
you're one of the people that i would love to manage me!
Thanks it really was a great turnout! Let's hear it for #TechInMotion and #techinmotionphilly!
Thank you for the dispensation!
just like they Relay. Can't beat americans so they find away to sceme "usa stepped on the line". Loll
Happy birthday!!! :)
Is that another way to say you're horney??
Enjoy the rest of your day :-)
Went to all my classes today.
Friend just invited me to Everyone "I know" using it is a woman. Looks like they have a very specific demographic.
Funny how we can get so many supplies to Haiti in less than 24 hours but it was a different story for New Orleans.
we'll see
for sure! Good luck at your interview!!
Thanks for that !
Custom made necklaces have been so much fun to make for everyone! I may do this again once I'm back from the Texas tour!
In traffic and realize I have a serious wait problem. I hate waiting!
Get a free cup of regular, decaf or hazelnut coffee to go at any Yours Truly on Tues, 8/30, 6:30 to 10 am. Thanks for 30 delicious years!
u need to come holla at me thinking bout a trip in may
Many thanks for the mention! Happy #FF !
at least mine has an optin for bagel ;)
I refer you to my previous tweet that hungover me is far more productive than normal me and that has created worry within me.
omg the security just offered me a pixie stick and i was like "no" LOL
We have just lauched our new hotsite www.florensegreen.com
I drink two kinds of beer...free and anything from Wisconsin!
I want hot tea with lemon! Wohoo! Boo!
THIS IS GOING TO BE MY STATUS RIGHT NOW Lol
Z sleeping...now on to some laundry, dinner, dishes, emails, reading....
I used to be pretty.
Congrats for getting $$ to produce #TapCaps. Loved having the project on VitaminW's crowdfunding column.
That is so frustrating! Why does Vanisha always have the same ideas as me!? It looks like I'm copying her>:l
says social media has nothing to do w/ recruiting whatesoever - does Toledo Tommy agree?
nice photos-did you know high def fullscreen hosting has a free trial?you can use RTV hardware/software-no switching cost
You say a man cant make a team them what happened to the bulls?
doing me dirty lmao
This sub got a million moles on her thumb.
#Huguely judge says there will be half and hour between primary verdict and sentencing phase of trial.
I'm a "double bagger". That's good, right?
hey - how about a follow! Great work on our website and blog. www.hq-law.com
What's so appealing about being a thug: Most people dont know. They just do it because others do it.
My life ain't easy but aye give me props I make it look easy
One more hour. Ugh.
What if they don't all agree on which direction to go?
Not the end of career yet but close. Rose needs stability for his type of game. Repaired knee won't hold up..
#Headbutthathoe is now trending, which segues me into "Why sterilization is important."
One problem, though. The temple trip for this weekend was cancelled.
Still in the taxi line at airport. At least is here to make it bearable
said like a true philosopher :)
Sugar, honey, iced tea...i forgot to charge my kindle.
Dude where's my car?
by : I-5 southbound off-ramp to West Seattle Freeway collision partially blocking right lane
you're not cool because you smoke weed, but you do look cool lol .
When the person you love doesn't feel the same way about you<<<<<<
Got chills as Christina Aguilera sang "Bound to You" in Burlesque. Prettiest she's ever looked. That's the legendary we love.
Twestival coming April 30th Boulder Coffee @ Brooks Landing. Be there, I will. A great opportunity to meet and network with your pears.
did you see Tiny Furniture? Lena Dunham (star, writer, and director of Girls) second film. So great.
Most of y'all saying y'all ready for summer like you bout that life…. y'all aint gonna be doing SHIT but chilling at the crib.
He has the weirdest names for me :] but i love everyone of them
#Heat PA announcer says Stoudemire "extinguished" after 6th foul. Funny or classless?
That video is HOTT!!!!!!
Pretty sweet, but I choked and just got a Diet Coke with cherry. Looking fwd to exploring my $5.50 soda options in grtr depth.
The crowd at the #SOTU is the polar opposite of the one at American Airlines Arena. Go #Cavs!
nope. Albany doesn't want us :(
Should I wear a Dress, tights, jeans,shirts, or pencil skirt ?
Once school ends I'm going to be so happy <3
#Gators played a valiant game, but came up a little short. Better than the last ass-whoopings against the Kentucky
I am now taking suggestions for my half marathon playlist. 10 days.
I'll take a look. I may attend.
My heart races whenever I see a common house spider....I couldn't imagine seeing a tarantula. I would have a heart attack!
What's Cap'n Jack have up his sleeve? Did they, at least, counter? Are all the assistants going as well?
RT The ONLY Balanced Diet IS: EXERCISE!!!
Honestly, if you are the better team and have better players, it shouldn't matter how well the other team plays, right?
Road trip!!
When all the girls on your team are PMSing at the same time
SEO Tip: Check your site for broken links, as your site may be penalised for such errors. There are tools online to help with this.
u two played great Sunday! Stay focused good things will come. Enjoy the time off
Submit your pitches to
not a bad day so far lol
Wow I hate 100 Degrees still here Can't wait to go back to The Place where I belong #Philly in March Where it's 20 degrees everyday
Listening to Ann Stoler speak about what is hidden by how what we think we know about colonies, histories, imperial formations.
i secretly sucked my thumb til i was nine.............
Wow. Talk about how Obama has rumors of eating a dog when he lived in Indonesia.
We all know what you said. (CC )
You will never become a fine leader until you become a fine servant. -Ellie Lofaro
“: I miss little ANT ANT , What about you TAY TAY ??” Duh.. But he don't wanna move back.. Lol
Just looked back over my entire tweet history from the last 5 years. What's happened to me? I want the old Matt Hagger back.
RT : RT : Gas prices are going up 5¢ tonight -> electricity prices are staying the same. I <3 Electric Vehicles
Would love to chat with you about Fon penetration in the U.S.
Hey there, nice to meet you!
Happiness and sadness 2day in Twitter. Happy: has learned 2 live tweet (sort of). Sad: has learned 2 live tweet (sort of)
I'd rather fail than fail to be myself.
me, at this time. i'll be sharing S wrk a lot. kinda like the #ecosys blog, but w/the purpose of developng resourcs 4 classrm dialog
electrical connector
Just came all the way up here and my appointment is tomorrow.. wow omg , today sucks /:
boringness follows me every where:/
Wonder if I'll win an award!
Hey Joey--a few months later, and I'm happy to say we are back at Zack Morris Cell Phone! Hope you can swing by!
Did NOT get up & run right away this morning, now it's pretty hot inland. Driving down by the lake to run instead..because I can.
All organic and my parents loved it. This is a first.
Thanks for the follow , Following you back ;)
yea. You rosa and me would take turns driving. Lol.
Love this movie. Minimalist dialogue. A homage to the mountain men that explored this country in search of peace and solitude.
ah...the endorphin rush when something you've been trying to figure out finally works (very similar to the effect of Deep Tissue Massage)
Intriguing! Where does funding come from, then?
I'm doing well. Just preparing to have a great day...Do some summer planning as well.
I hate when people on T.V. shows say "I'm broken…" Really? Come on now
I will post a pic of Tanuki tomorrow. He is a mix of a corgi with Boston terrier.
First day of practice was legit. c:
Yes, but they are mostly a continuation of Bush's policies. RT Obama’s policies have disproportionately affected [Latinos]
Q1 I think you have to be an institution with researchers who create the datasets, otherwise not quite as relevant
We are we using for all our Social Media it was fast & easy to get started she is getting off on the right foot
Hey folks. I just woke up. What day is it? Seriously! The last thing I remember I was chasing a leprechaun down Kirkwood...
thanks for following followed back
What a great way to start my week :)
<------in the business of spreading smiles (how can u be mad at me?)
At least understand and engage. Know the next generation trends RT #mlamobiletech - "Go mobile or go home?!"
Note to self: When working from home, before Skyping with a new business contact, CHECK THE HAIR. Gah.
Did a session with talented solo artist Brandon Spiller!!! Turned out great! Good pianist!
Monday again...
Sorry to hear that, heh
grandpa: im not good enough for heaven and not bad enough for hell so god just left me here with you crazy bastards i call family!
yeah it's aproblem isn't it..
fons' class sucks.
Wow! The legal IP issues around 3D captured data are overwhelmingly complex! Thanks for bringing to the #3DConference. Really interesting!
Enjoy nights out on the town in an affordable luxury limo. Get your quote today 619.225.8466
I think I'm going to "pop-lock-and-drop-it" on the circle today
What if I want to be a spinster cat lady?
Though I'm not a Galaxy fan. I'll be rooting for them tonight.
All very well over here - looking forward to great line-up at the Sid - be seeing you?
Got kinect game time in. Realized my sis sucks at dancing & my ass is 2big 4playing 'Hole n the Wall' not made 4 ethnic booty.
Do it! We got one in Milwaukee and we cheer louder than the Packer fans. They just glower @ us over their cheeses.
Let's make up a fake Facebook, no picture nothing.. I remember when I was in high school
When's the last time you played flipcups? Post with and we might send you something free!
its clear that he's mines too.
Picked up a Nike+ Sport Watch today. Going to do side by side comparisons of Adidas MiCoach, Fitbit, & Run Keeper combo that I've been using
thanks for the follow! Events rule. Looking forward to your tweets.
put together a good move!
Do you know why wedding dresses are white?
When people do dumb things and you just wanna say "why you so stupid" like Sam.
Wish there was a way to filter rap out from dubstep on pandora. I don't want to hear about bitches and hoes. I just want to hear womp womp!
Wow - it's been so long since last I was on Twitter - sorry folks! Been really busy.
The image looking clearer i trust no one but the man in the mirror , me -
Up Next: The Ultimate Bruce Sterling Talk. #SXsterling Nothing says it's the end of southby like
you're beautiful. inside & out. just sayin.
power is back on classes will resume as scheduled
Learning to do one thing at a time...
Arm will NOT stop hurting. Does the #universe never want me to learn to ski?
they're absolute idiots!
When something's hard to say you know it need to be said... Let's just say this is hard to say!!
you are preaching now, good word.
#whydopeoplethink that that #Disney thing is a G or a squiggly line or something like that? Ohh yeah... Because it is.
NFL Draft in 31 days! >check inbox for info on main hall stand-up opportunity. Hope you guys can make it!
Seriously over this traffic jam.
for breakfast, lunch, dinner, desert, snack, whatever whenever. #myfavcarbstoday but now we are off to vinyasa to sweat and get high.
"A great teacher can offer an escape from poverty..." "Teachers matter"
i guess should just non-wrinkle herself to the shed.
the BBTF Xmas tree arrives today! We can't wait to decorate it :)
Wonderful news & now you have a friend here to welcome you=)
Don't miss our Foreign Film Festival, first up-Potiche, a French film (2010), shown on Monday October 3rd at 2 & 7:30PM at Metuchen Library
Happy October! A great month for cats and crime novels! www.cozycatpress.com
I wonder if has one you could borrow?
All of the people I work with are fucking ignorant and retarded. I cannot wait to leave this shithole
you saw the avengers, please tell me more about how youve always been a comic book fan and how much you hate dc.
really Santorum. he just came out of nowhere and is relevant now after all this time in obscurity. will see after Iowa
Damn right. And U were born to be a star! Get in the arena & live your life. Its journey not the destination that counts.
Can you get me in n out
Give peace a chance
simpler question: Is it OK to have a cookie? Answer: Always.
you sure havent.
Plans for the Los Angeles SLAM Basketball Academy completed & launch date is Sept 1, 2009. Pro Bball Training & Skills Development 4 youths
Nl home run team was awful
my little cousin Guero bday party next Saturday ! can't wait.
well shucks, could've sworn it was you! Let's just say it was in spirit. ;)
Really like what you've got going on on 's blog right now. Amazing content, Max!
i want to go lay in bed and watch tv. instead I'm going to lay on the worst worst air mattress and watch netflix :(
Wish I had more time to twitter tonight... :(
All money isn't good money.
Shout out to my brother everyone follow him
These allergies are mean.
The Truck and will both be at #Pyrotopia tonight at 8pm (at the Pump House near Lowe's in the Waterfront).
or how abt u snooze u loose:)
Haha well deserved, sir.
The wierd moment when someone's zipper is down & you don't know whether to tell, because you can't explain why you were looking that low"
why thank you! Glad you enjoyed it.
year there will be alot of concert i wanna go ! super junior , 2pm , girls generation , LADY GAGA !!!! omg. cant wait !
Possible bribes on offer: paleo pumpkin pie, upscale dark chocolate, a bottle of red wine, cold hard cash...
Good morning :)
Fifty shades of grey is what we get when Oprah isn't here to tell us what to read. Oprah, we forgive you for James Frey. please come back.
Kingdom hearts for the vita would be great!!!:: little kid mode::
Time to hit the gym. Let's see the troops do some training
Great movie! RT : Going to rent a movie tonight? How about FAZZT Times at Ridgemont High??
glad I'm still on the list!
hi-hat is the best coffee in town. Just sayin'
WOW! Desperate Housewives is AWESOME - your thoughts?
any word yet on schedule?
Thanks for clarifying! I'll retweet that for you since you're looking for new team members. :-)
yes, after May 4th would be good!
Someone called!!! RT : Model dude with a Hollywood smile *Frank Ocean Voice*
I have finally formulated my definition for Existentialism- Mix of Ultra-Cultural Positivism with Sentimental Mental Anesthesia ...Agree?
iThink I'm officially addicted to this shit .
Yes.. Daniel was just being Daniel for a moment
Either the Tupac hologram was an incarnation of FX artist,or this is Machiavelli's/2Pac's gradual reincarnation, and was filmed in realtime
#CNN Tyler Perry Studios- Atlanta Fire Dept confirms one building has partially collapsed.
JUST ANNOUNCED...Chikeria and Herborn-Seelbach at German Fest this year!
I just entered to win a Rebecca Minkoff for bag from RT for your chance to enter!
That awkward moment when you throw a pigeon at a pig and yell"ANGRY BIRD"
hey, what time do y'all play tonight?
lol who don't I know?
At a quiencenera with my daughter
So thankful 4 Emerge JV & all that its been n the past. All the lives that were changed-WOW! But even more thankful 4 where God is takin us!
On my way to see at
I miss having lifetime fitness.
Hello Friday...
we have been lucky with many draft picks (Rodgers, Raji, etc) that they can learn quickly but the d needs help on the line
not particularly... sneaky! =P
People are actually saying this?
Do you have any front-end CMS like tools for managing CRUD transactions?
Yo text D to 38657.... So Derrick Williams can bring home the dunk champ trophy
Did you go to the Dr yet? If not, get off and go.
QUESTION #TEAMRICHDIRTT ...WHAT TYPE OF SONG U WANNA HEAR NEXT ..CLUB ...STREET...GIRL JOINT ...THOUGHTFUL ..OR JUST STR8 BARS !! ??
Guess that was a bad joke :/ OOPS
Laying another track the ideas are flowing good today...
Just remembered I need to borrow that book for the novel paper in ethics from you. Probably should start on that mess.
Thanks! I know the women in your family will have a great one if you're with them!
Know the feeling you get when you see a colleague's website and it makes you sick? Sick because it gives the industry a bad name?
Polishing songs for the next recording. Waiting for the moment it's time to put down the pencil and eraser.
I am so excited to see "Ted." Anyone else seen the trailer?!
some Villa in Africa the leader of the invisible children movement is facing charges. And I've seen nothing to prove that
The Silk Tie likes the Big Red Comic! Need a sweet tie? thesilktie.com
y'all are some cutie bootys. I'm pooping. -Zach
Life is what you make it so work hard and stride
hey, no texting and driving :)
seems like fancy #foxnews rhetoric for: "we don't have any real intentions to end this war."
Ok maybe I'm not going to sleep right away.
How 'bout those Avs!! Winning a shootout 5-4 in Detroit. Love this young team! Yip scored winning goal.
when next year? If next year hell know im not stupid rose and deng are out till at least january of next yr lol
#thingsmybestfriendsdo come to my house on my birthday and surprise me!
Went to see Seven Pounds. Liked it, I don't think I have ever seen a movie with a plot quite like this.
Make sure you check out in the upcoming flick
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights feat Mr.V - See U Move (Original Mix)
My 5 year old cousin stood up in church today and screamed "I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER" .........
after 10 missed phone calls, finally got to talk to ryan!! Plus jersey shore always cheers me up!
In relationships i only want 3 things Eyes that wont cry Lips that wont lie & Love that wont die...
not hungry man.
lol... you know I love to hear stuff like that! So, did you finish?
Shakedown make this hour happy! The bartender is making some pineapple dreams come true. . .
All weighed in - time to eat!
If you missed the show last night, come out and see Shady Grady & The Nobodies this Friday night at The Elbo Room - 8PM - 21+ - $9
im not dead bc of greyson.
now look at me i'm sparkling.
Dance al day. Get to miss all my classes (: Yeah.
Do other people working 12 hours a day feel like they are going to die too? #I'mnotmadefirthis
My soul sings My soul sings out Only for you
Thank you for helping spread the word about the #ghostfactories series. will be writing more in the future.
parents wont read #cinderella to their kids because it has a girl doing house work all day, fuck else girls suppose to do?
I smell a kickstarter! Bring Whiskey Media some Hot-n-Fresh, funding goal: $20.
Im coming high breed music ski new York
RT : The java-intensive grade center is over featured - give users the option to select simple or complex interfaces
I won the Art and Music gift basket at auction! Will be seeing you soon! :)
great point. As convinced as I am that Sarah Phillips has an Indian wiener, I keep hoping for the best... (a black one)
I love when people at work comment how I look "drained & tired". Code words for "you look horrible".
joseph and the technicolor dream cock.
Wish wash
Bout to go see Pootie Tang and CB4 on the big screen tonight!
and people hate west
Haircut! I look different, uh oh.
YMCMB is on the decline though, make no mistake about that. Drake carrying it right now. Nicki, Tyga and Cory are nice too.
Just saw CityCenter production of Sondheim's Merrily we roll along. Amazing.
Attend our #wawlive session #Compensation, Fix Employee Pay! w/
You can get the same pay working at Sutherland, which is considered entry-level in the first place. Xerox could do better.
awesome can't wait - big fan of - liked ur answers today about the Bulls - be nice to see Rip go to the Bulls
Ann Boyer: "Community is Satanic." This is a baroque, lightly romanticized trope, not a refusal.
Yesterday, rode my FIRST ever real rollercoaster. Yesterday, rode my LAST ever real rollercoaster.
Bet ..I'mma Get Bck Wit Ya.
I'd stick to your witty twitter updates and opinionated articles. What would you do differently? Focus.
At this moment, I am fueled by coffee and science!
RIP Steve Jobs. You have forever changed the world of technology; you created it. Here's to you!
Ladies..sometimes the best way to get our attention is by NOT going to the club every weekend. Pace yourself
She tried to give me her number with the small hand. Oh no it touched the paper.
My gpas jacket looks like a dress on me ☺👕👗
Do you think people who “have it all” still struggle with feelings of insecurity?
definitely will try out with APUSH after exam. Most have phones in there w/web
Now say your a bird. If your a bird, I'm a bird.~The Notebook
You going to be at the International Beer Fest on Saturday by chance? :)
i use too lol
Quick test: how do you feel about St. Louis, the Nelson, and Boulevard Beer?
Getting quite the tour of my home state.
Do Not Work For Free for Exposure (the Wrap)
You can't spell ELITE without ELI!
I love
tonight will go down in history
That just brings up another point that makes me madder she'll never come to St.Louis because for one this is all-
MAROON 5 Misery playing at the mall
thanks y'all! I'm so thrilled to be a part!
the long-time organizer of this conference."
Yes JAH Thanks for following! Look for our releases!
Beautiful day for a ride! RT : Anyone do #bikethebay yesterday!?
Do what you gotta do, I'm doin me, but don't come to me when you realize you fucked up.
Hey Baby <3
lets get it time
i cry every time i watch 'the blind side'...every time!!!
Yay! Thanks for the RT Katie!
that's so sezual
Welcome to the my website! Thank you Brian for the amazing job! Look forward to completion.
haha! did you leave me a present? How sweet! ;)
Anyone interested in investing in education in Angola?
I am in under this new name now.
SHOUT OUT THE AND IM HUNGRY IMMA BOSS FREESTYLE
beef and pork? I like the way you celebrate. By the way, how was Vera?
Glad to see #UFC cross-promoting with #NBA. Smart fight week promo! Helps to extend traditional reach, target black community.
Come out tonight to 12th and Porter and catch Kink Ador with Go Back To The Zoo and Justin Kaulk Orchestra! Good times!
I just punched a wall I was laughing so hard #toomuchemotionfinch #invisiblekittendropkicker?
el em aye oh.
Friend me on Facebook: Stephen Samuel Santoro. Buy C stock. Buy GE
I actually quit shortly after our last little adventure. Its nice to know that you've changed your ways...somewhat :P
OK...put your serious face on and answer: Is Tiger going to win a tournament this year???
gotta pee again? That'll teach you!
facebook for dead people - relationships among old authors
i am the female weezy
": “: 3 grand essentials to happiness in life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope 4!
Today's question: What was the FIRST song you ever heard? We will RT an answer at random! :)
AND THE SCREAMS CONTINUE HAHAHAHA I LOVE THIS RELATIONSHIP I HAVE WIT MY SIS :P.
agree. but they started the night with 13. gotta think they felt like it was house money. Made sure noone else got TRich.
Tomorrow morning at the bus stop is gonna be REAL fun..
ah you have your days Lolol jkkkk. You're a sweetheart :)
1/12/12: Chicago's first snowstorm and a happy quarter century birthday to me! Cocktails to celebrate, 1/4 of the NYC girls have arrived :)
#Spectrum12 Join us for Karaoke at Lovin' Cup at the Post conference Monday Night Meet-up
tell them I say hey!
Recovering from the race and taking some time off from running. Perfect time for yoga :)
Nothing feels real anymore.
hahahahah...yeah, at the end, nobody got arrested, so i was like "OK, that sux"....it was an episode called Secrets
Absolutely! RT : Hello again - Enjoyed meeting Jim at your #HRSWC booth. Let's stay connected.
This is so boring.. 
Ensenada was amazing, beautiful concert hall with nice Steinway D, good sound, great! Now back in CA, taking redeye to NY
I love my little Asian babay :-)
Thats right. Anything goes.
#ICON12 App still not working.
I've been thinking about it for a long time, and have decided that now is the time. Tattoo time, that is...excited!!
Lmao damn y'all mfs are ignorant. But I wouldn't have it any other way.
same just cooking dinner and shit
Chuck - Is Steve Shaw on Twitter?
So, Rdio. It's become the new Spotify, in our house, since the kid won't be getting a Facebook account just so he can listen to music.
60 RT So if the Pats can hang 38 on the Dolphins in Miami... What will they hang on the Chiefs in New England?
pardon me, that's Dolly Pardon.
Come in and get our soup of the day clam chowder for $2.99!! It's yummy!!!
In the morning, O Lord, You hear my voice; in the morning I lay my requests before You and wait in expectation. Psalm 5:3
tweet me for a follow back :)
me too brotha!! Hell yeah 400 hurdles will prepare us like crazy bro!! You doin it?
What an ugly bra, take it off.
hey all! Back and in action!
It's about to be a very very bad day...
Coming to the Small Ensembles concert tomorrow night at 8pm in Paul Hall? Check in on #foursquare for discounts on Juilliard Jazz merch!
Call me crazy. Upset!
He told me he will never leave us, I told him to come back. He said he never left... It wasn't just a dream to me...
having sex inside the car triggers me...
great minds....
when did u call I've been on a plane skbce early this morning tests way it was off. U could of texted
thanks girl, me too!! I still sometimes can't believe I wasn't dreaming it :D
NYC in summer is a Bikram yoga studio for 8 million. Hot sweaty people contorting themselves to fit into small spaces.
#humblebrag :Was just rear-ended because the guy in the drive thru line behind me was checking out my wife as she walked by
“: I have a list of questions...I need to ask the perfect person, !” I apprieciate it Honey, but I am far from perfect
Chinese museums grappling w issues US museums dealt with in 19th c. How to define museums? How to build colls? But is v. new wld.
I wish Jerry Blank had a twitter
meet is cancelled!
EVERYDAY THAT I CAN GET UP AND GO ABOUT THIS DAILY GRIND IS A GOOD DAY A BLESSING THE NEXT DAY AIN'T PROMISED❕❕❕
Hey victor, your mom makes the best frybread!
Ted, thank you for the FF shout, my Super Friends! Enjoy a restfully fun weekend!
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
Really excited to check out Stanford University's new campus in NYC
If Donald's scores aren't all 10s this go around can McCarthy throw the challenge flag?
slept in this morning saw your tweet; praying for the families in china & plane that was hijacked
Max in bad mood this morning. We are at level orange people. :::crossing fingers::::
Yep. Not on all planes yet. It's $5 but free if you're a Rapid Rewards A-List member
whether or not I could fit my fatass into a pair of old jeans, haha! They fit!
Hrmm...you haven't been here lately. Just want to say hi, dearest.
be sure to invite them back!
Thanks Ali!
it's the style
These storms are crazy, time to get in a bed with the fan on :) bur
omg i did to! and we have art next
No BYOB restaurants in Des Moines?
when r u gonna do another live chat?
Yup Didn't make the team Looks like no baseball for me this year.....
. introspection is not even very good for analysing oneself. It is good for rationalizing.
Our iPad 2 winner from the Home & Garden Show will be announced April 27th on Facebook and Google+! Check back soon to see if you won!
Hm what game to play?
Come on down to the Heart of Indiana Run/Walk tomorrow! With spectacular finish at Celebration Plaza in White River State Park.
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!! Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19  @ CLUB DREAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL |xxx1
Gary Indiana. So solid
I'm not logging on for a week. the numbers from yesterday are too high and one day off may not make a bit of difference.
Oh, well in THAT case -- it's not that bad! They're not really 'beautiful' anyway, are they?
what i want to know is what happens when someone is struck by lightning.. that's CRAZY!
What's up?
Oh no! Too much crazy in one area!
uh not true.
IF I WAS YOUR BOYFRIEND, NEVER LET YOU GO, KEEP YOU IN MY ARM GIRL, NEVER BE ALONE.
Today's final film showings: This Is Not A Film, Wild In The Streets, The Patron Saints, Vito, Empire Builder, Pilgrim Song, #MDFF12 (1/2)
Is everybody ready to kick off the Halloween celebration at The Hop tonigh? We'll be there, so should you!
Thanks for the follow. Keep chasing those dreams.
Love this! Auto reply email that dude "A" is out of the office, contact dude "B," only to get a similar email from him to contact dude "A"
what the what??
My name is MCA, I got a lisence to kill And what's the time? It's time to get Ill!!! So sad 😥
I understand that you don't wanna RT my dream but I tried..I LOVE I aM mE Crew
In Everything Give Thanks... Thank You For the Hard Times. Thank You for the Good Times... I Thank God Now, for he is Good!
Are you a member of NACUBO? I am doing a session at Midwest EDUCAUSE on CIO/CBO relationship with a CBO. NACUBO too?
Casey Kotchman is a good pick up, but he's a career .268 hitter w 59 homers in 8 years. Don't sell him as the "bat" we've been waiting for.
First exam abroad tomorrow...
“: #Leo's favorite quote "I'm right, you're wrong and there's nothing you can do about it."” so true 😭😂
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching. -- Satchel Paige
true that!
This is what I mean, Rondo is such a great facilitator...why can't he get his team an easy bucket?
Hey, Laura Lippman said I should know you! Nice to meet you!
you should see a physician.
RT - I wonder how my life would be if I stayed in Jacksonville... S/o to the Jacksonville followers doe ! Are the ja...
“: we have a #j202 after party reservation at Nitty for 7:30 #bethereorbesquare” <<--What if I'm already square?
Creating a YouTube channel for the library and folding brochures for TRB next week.
As tech savvy as we are they still make the call to the bullpen via hard-line. Why not cell or video chat?
#tellmewhy when i went to eat yesterday, i took madd much food but couldn't even it eat. SMH brb :)
I have the hustle and the heat, but whoever helped with his jumper needs to help me with mine. It needs it.
A4 to be trusted is to be honored with a sacred gift
Oh my! Republican campaign getting mean and dirty. Gringrich being compared to Nixon and Romney compared to Carter. Can it get any worse?
I miss you too! No updates. This is going to be really hard :/
love the face in the pic
RT : He's Just Not That Into Bacon
We're the best Steel Dragon cover band in Pittsburgh.
Highlight of my weekend, creepy TSA lady at PHX airport checking my boarding pass, looks up to say, "nice shorts, they look like undies!"LOL
it's a super-duper secret!!! We go incognito!
So many days without any real amount of sun. I'm starting feel like I'm back in Milwaukee
Yes ! Bring us please! Make us sparkle!
We are going on a bike ride!!! 6pm at Cory The Bike Fixer!
hey jean
Darren Criss is Nerdy Chic at Benefit Concert (PHOTOS) Sing it, Blaine! Looking sharp in a skinny red tie and thick framed glasses, Darre
YaY will ! sometimes if we only let things play out, we'll understand the purpose, one that is renewed every time we wake up
"the victim's mentality". Victims tend to have a "victim's mentality".
Hockey is trying to grow in popularity, right?
Cheers me ol mucker. I'll just be happy with any European footie considering where we were exactly 3 yrs ago :)
Yup RT INDESIGN IS A CRUEL MISTRESS
On the bus to Boston. Had to run across the street dragging my suitcase to make the bus. Was probably entertaining for passerby.
Congrats to Jackie De Tore and her team for winning #OTRC journalism competition.
Loving this chilly weather! I get to bust out my grandmother, GaGa's vintage furs! Sorry PETA!
Last games I played were Scotland Yard and Shogun—oldies but goodies. I want to play 1812 next, but haven't had time to read rules.
This girl randomly saying "oh I get it!" like somebody cares.
Never say what you dare to say....
Thanks for stopping by. Flash your permit in-store and receive 10% off all tennis gear this season!
Congratulations #UConn. Great defense and great free throw shooting at 87.5% for the game.
yeah, i thought so. hang on a sec.
just found out I was in the same dance class as my dance teacher a few years ago #wtf!
But there are times you need the courage to take a great leap;you cannot cross a chasm in two small jumps
Apparently my version of not leaving the house is to randomly drive to Cimarron.
She's strong enough to walk away; but broken enough to look back.
Yay i got a new follower ^_^
Thank you, love. I know I need to be more careful. I am a challenged creature these days. :( See you tomorrow!! xo
Hey everyone, help us welcome who joined us as PT Publicist this week!
Hello again! PM me RE: shooting!
That moment when you get the accounting lesson, but the accounting majors don't.
Ha ! RT : RT Oh my god: There's a Tea Party coloring book for children on sale now // Actually, it's for adults
what if those latino/a presidents are also LGBT? or they are but are not out? there may be way more LGBT ones but just not out.
Get your morning started right with and the
Those days when your jumps feel so awkward but they really are just normal.
Plane quarantined at MDW for "contagious situation." Passenger has rash. Ready yourselves for ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE.
I have, legos are amazing. And they support engineering, math, and science education!
you guys have the best pictures ever.
right?? #sogood i cannot wait for the movie!! the trailer looks sick
Twolves score award for 3K new season tix at nba awards!
So using the product means I cannot deplore how it is made? Bullshit.
Hiding out in the bathroom at work. Have a meeting at 815.
Just finished seeing Twilight: Breaking Dawn, I don't want to wait another year for part 2!
New ways to lead a healthier lifestyle
Same to you Carolyn! Looking forward to conversations in 2012
Havent done crap all day and want to continue
back at you
#WelcomeToDetroit where almost all your school friends are dead or in jail
good :) we just have to remember that fighting fire with fire won't solve anything, it will only cause more destruction. :)
...Two fire marshal vehicles
Newt Gingrich lays off his campaign manager, but did he think maybe it is HIM that is the reason he is not doing so great? Hm...
Nothing about the demographics of the MU poll in your piece. You know, stuff even TV covers. Twitter is more information.
pottery barn!
Block and report as spam.
HEY ALEX:)
I said brrr it's cold in here there must be some toros in the atmosphere
We have finished all the intro meetings for today, student are now starting to relax in the residence hall!
we combined ours for the pic haha. Rack city
If Hitch was [sic] a poor black kid... RT Working through your complicated feelings about Christopher Hitchens is the new black.
New page! Please follow me ! Itz such a long story..smh. Thx!
Great to talk w/ you! And to meet RT I love impromptu things that just work like lunch w/ &
You can get a recycled yellow bike for $10. How badly do you want to pedal past the suckers in the bus stuck in traffic?
i do that too but with my d**k,
does also follow your goth attire?
#Ihateitwhen guys tell half-truths.
In flow/"the zone", the emotions are not just contained & channeled, but positive, energized, and aligned with the task at hand.
Morning practice yay!(:
The best band you signed while at Megaforce? (we have something in common...we both worked with Icon)
Somebody done bit this bitch Burger than gave it to her.. lmmfao
Mahogany Productions Android App is pending in the Android Market and it should be available for download tomorrow.
in this economy its probably like a nickels worth for a dime. Lol
I'm definitely going to regret tweeting and texting during this.
Turn to you makes me cry everytime I listen to it <3 Why does this boy have to be so sweet and flawless?
I'm going to end up hurting the ones who are the closest to me, but I have to do this if I wanna be happy. Alone is what I have to be.
I don't wanna go to work!
March showers bring April flowers?
following! Great game by Dion and the #CUSE tonight! Happy to support!
no, you are just tripping.
Did you block that fool?
I feel sorry for #Jelina . The biebs is already cracking under the pressure.
Canada's banned the penny, but they can still charge ¢99 for stuff, right?
Happy Holidays everyone!
you are Katy Wright. The semester doesn't stand a chance.
Another SOBCon Chevy ready to leave in 10 minutes from the Hotel 71.
Welcome to twitter:)
Tonight! LIVE Haters for Hire. Molly Sharrow, Michael Buzzelli, and Kurt Branagan tonight at the Steel City Improv Theater. 9:30 Show.
Need help filing your tax return? Call me! (504)891-1970 or visit me at my office: 804 Webster St.
follow back? <3
drat! My demands will never be met, I better start kidnapping more important shit!
come play tonite!!!! =)
Doing a presentation over a NYT op-ed 'Smokeless in Seattle'
I know bro I listen to Jim Rome & you're the highlight of his listeners / callers
Checking in on my page ....this afternoon,, Hope everyone here has a great weekend!!!!! Kiss Your Kid..make E'm Smile for Us
Looks the Braves are getting their brooms ready
Oh that Siri cracks me up. Keep me updated when your next show is.
No sir. I am the cumulative creation forged from Gabriel's hopes, dreams and aspirations. And yeah, this is my 2nd breght!
should be a GREAT DAY at the Stadium! Have fun!
How often do u get 2 Atlanta/Dunwoody?BIG Fan of ur work and I would luv 2 have u apart of a educational event!
Glad to help!! Helping authors get their work out is the best part of our job -- it's nice that this digital era supports it!
it was a pleasure.... Working on something new, let's talk about it.....
Thank you, kind sirs and madams. Always a pleasure.
(Clippers vs. Memphis) is going to be a good series.
Standing in a long line at Kreuz Market...feeling like I may be full before I make it to Black's (@ Kreuz Market w/ 2 others)
Effective compared to now separate Kohl's spots w/ Mark : Question: JLo + Fiat, effective or disaster??
You know you a Ray Lewis & Ed Reed Fan son!!! LoL
is packing for NYC!
RT #Virgo never makes the first move.
i cant wait for the day follows me...it may not be soon but i know that day will come (: <3 #Faith :)
If you come across a full length mirror with built in lighting whilst nude and you're over 30, just turn and walk away.
Tonight I took out my right contact, and realized I had another lens in there. Apparently I didn't actually take it out last night.
old english sheep dog ;)
Devon Still is sitting out draft in solidarity with fellow Nittany Lion Cameron Wake and his contract holdout.
I just puked crafty goodness all over Instagram. Sorry? :)
Plus I get a new image to tug one off to.
A life lesson can happen at any moment so PAY ATTENTION.
when you get back from Rite Aid, I still have that CD you were after. You two have brilliance in common.
miss you, Mac and Asher!...cali, not so much.
That's no shade at all...I feel it...Im still finding myself musically.
awesome cheers!
As an Indiana resident, I haven't seen any Rupert ads....for or against.
sounds like a fascinating conference.
I dont get it, since when does the NBA have a say in that?
People drop their phones in toilets. I knew someone who dropped it in a lit candle, and I dropped mine in salsa. Beat that one!
#LUC vote in elections; vote to END the sale of #plasticwaterbottle on campus
i think it's time to redo my profilee ;D
I really hate when people try to be italian just because of the ICONic Boyz. Like no u just cant be as beast as us #italians:)
Cristiano ties it up for with :16 left in the 1st
Quack Quack!
RTV KATWIJK Radio The Netherlands Remember the victims of the war in our country played Amy Ames on my program. Bart van der Pol
Whenever anything I'm writing seems to peter out I always think "What's the worst thing that could happen right now?" & do that ;)
Cueto's off to a good start but his 4 wins are against 4 teams below .500 or 1 game over. Huddy will bring his
both of yaw need 2 cum back 2 Omaha ne
Happy new year!
Interested in group rates for the 2011 season of Black Nativity (12/8-12/10)? Call 617-585-6366 for more info and details. Or visit...
Practice makes perfect.
THANK YOU :) XOXOXOXO
continuing an art gallery marathon....
Good Morning! Sipping my chocoate frosty #Shakeology - prepping for to build my body w Asylum Strength! How is ur morning?
William Hazlitt's view, "Literature/theater/art/philosophy - matters of direct concern to the experience of life." - reinforce in classroom.
Charlize Theron, Kate Hudson, Dakota Fanning, Zooey Deschanel - and Linday Lohan?! It&#39;s The Best Dressed at the White ...
Faison Dem candidate for Gov of NC thinks sales taxes are a good way to fund public programs. Sales taxes penalize the poor.
This game is stressing me out.
Cookbooks, cat figures, one pretty pot. Woohoo reusing other peoples moving boxes!
I will not fall; I will stand tall.
i just saw one of there commercials....
Build Day will be held next Saturday,October 9th.
Guns N Roses playing live in Maryland.. How old are these guys... Time passes by quick!
I have an alligator head in this plastic bag
All good music resembles something. Good music stirs by its mysterious resemblance to the objects and feelings which motivated it.
Who is up and wants to chat?
Today I woke up to go to class. This will never happen again.
It is. They have basketball out back & jello shots, and the afore-mentioned urine smell. Will let you know next time I go!
This would make an awesome logo! Except the colors would make it impossible to print on most things.
Seeing my brothers including & at #MingleMondays which is the place to be
New Funny Movie Coming This week.. The Trailer for the New Never Before seen Footage of Michael Myers
"Either you like #bacon or you're wrong." -
“: Happy birthday and God Bless u Man of God!!! God bless u Sir!!”... Thank you, Bro. I am blessed. God Bless you!
Ill take that lol
Hahaha.. well, if nothing else, that will end up on SportsCenter.
did you know KOL beat is this past year in the Nashville Scene's best local band award? -formerly starlume
That guy was still better than Alabama's kicker.
Upside down in Your Mortgage? Contact Me 4 Free booklet on Program HR 3648. This Government Program Expires 2012. Help is Available for you.
How You Can Treat Eyelid Infection And Swollen Eyelid
Another win for the CCS Lions 1st/2nd grade team. Excellent infield defense.
Cool, thanks! I'm curious if the prices are worth it!
WTF IS WRONG WITH MIMS!? -__- READ ALL OF THOSE CHAPTERS BY WEDNESDAY!??
Six (6) strikeout's through three innings. McDonald is off to a good start.
Go team! RT : & win a round with their motion for the ocean
We don't, but we can definitely make one. What did you have in mind?
Yummy dark Sumatran and our House Blend brewed this morning!
yah like what
you ain't gotta dig too deep if you wanna find some dirt on me, but I'm learning who you been ain't who you gotta be.
Jesus enjoyed turning water into wine. Nuff said.
you're arriving in downtown STL. uhm.
HI! Good to see you, too. Been awhile since I've made it to the chat...
great quote
is my dude. He's basically my Caucasian brother. That's my n*gga for life and I will always have his back. That's my word.
BOTH CREWS SAVED ! Oh my gaaaawd <333
sometimes i think i feel my phone vibrating in my pocket when its not even there.
I'm very glad u enjoyed it! I hope everyone will be able to analyze their studies w/ new method I proposed!
Peace to your country! Or state!
Dear School, why do you have to sneak up on all of us Monday morning? Sincerely, you should start on Tuesday, at Noon.
Sup wit u? Just pushing music ova here
I think it has to with the mentality surrounding the party in 2012, combined with the tone taken in the video.
Do you guys get to keep all those cool shirts you wear? {jackets tonight}
Woohoo we're celebrating another WebDAMiversary! Congrats we're enjoying every day of your customer success managing
I DON'T WANNA LOSE YOU TONIGHT
Think like a man , HELLA funny ! : )
Disappointing loss to say the least....Aggies, maybe you should have stayed in the Big12! Oh wait, can't beat them either!!
What is yo sexy ass doing tonight? Lol
very lovely.......love your pic.
Watching a show called the weiner's circle. Lmfao. Dont ask.
Universal for those with health insurance through their employers. Which is not universal. At all.
More Spoken Word, Hiphop, Reggae, Pop, and Soul Videos added tomorrow on IVCTV.NET
Thanks for the FF mention! We look forward to seeing you and the Cisco team in Boston for The Cable Show!
*In my Rev. Adenoids voice* Good mo'nin', everybodaaay.
Dazed and Confused.
in solidarity at the #justice4trayvon gathering in #Louisville:
Why should you be hahaha
Finally finished my homework after about 40 minutes so now I'm free yayyyy :)
Good fight
I have 666 followers and I am not comfortable with that number... Help a gal out! A Twitter high five is in it for you.
yes you did sweetheart. 😊
Virginia +3 in CBB is locked in. Really like this one today!!!
is great. Thanks for you follow.
Great Xmas so far. First gift I opened was "This Is A Book" with tickets inside to see at the Keswick Theater! Woop woop!
hell yeah
Safe travels !
is financial reporting!
The problem with the Bucks is being in the middle. They'll never get a high draft pick, and never better than the 6 seed. .500 or so always.
In colerain for anyone in the area interested in getting tickets
and so begins my last week of work at the library. I'll be unemployed by week's end! :(
You're gonna kill! Break a leg!!
Some of us feel bad about it in the morning though. Not saying I do. But some guys.
khan is Great !
Working on meta tags w/ India team for
“: You don't fuck with the people I love.”
showing love
Oh I know!
Must have at a hot pocket. ;-)
Our medication is the best!!! We leave you to the rest!!
Another week, another terrible set of refs.
no! -_- I just put it away and I'm doing hw lol
Just downloaded #minecraft360! =]
lol yep! First ever! I think I'm gonna really enjoy it too :)
Franklin, King of the little fair turtles!
For all my 159 followers, what's your nootz year rezzies? Love hearing from yall everyday!
Maintaining Authenticity, Avoiding Distraction : A Social Media Experiment at the Newseum on now
You need to get on twitter a little more. Jump on my page and follow who I'm following.
how do I become cool enough to get a blue checkmark by my name?
I'd say, in this particular corner of Guilford County, the peak of leaf season is today.
Alice in wonderland is gonna look so cool tech wise, idk about the show itself. But techies will be proud.
we talked to his wife one night at a game, super nice lady.
"when I say 'who da man' you say 'you da man'...who da man?" - Darryl
(or in this case, to Ancestry). That gets their accounts suspended, which works way better than posts or emails.
21st-century anyone? RT : For less than the cost of operating the #USPS a printer could be installed in every house. Adam Fish
m hm got ya
Its a long year alot od positives to take out of this game especially rondo n bass, if pierce plays we win
it's impolite not to look. Would you go to the louvre and not look at the Mona Lisa. They're there to be appreciated.
I honestly don't even understand how I have any tears left.
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 1.) being put on HOLD! -_- i have a new rule, if u leave me on hold for over 2 mins I'M HANGING UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ack! I hate you so much right now!
I here High Life is worth a taste.
its good stuff! hope all is well is beautiful paris! :-)
I'm at agility today. What happened, what happened? Was today the finale?
i hate watchin the NBA
GT Events always needs great staff nationwide! www.gt-events.com, click "Talent Sign-Up" to join the team!
(the part being expropriated)
frick park market naturally. he played another song he dropped like 5 mins before he went on. i dont remember what it was
The world can now rest easy that I've made my political statement on Twitter. We did good, important work here. I am a genius.
Go out on a limb...that's where all the fruit is!
#Detroit airport...next stop
i've been shot in the head in 2 dreams.. its like I die in the dream and revive... weird stuff >_<
Let's #tigers let's get some runs going here!!!
ALWC Spring work day at 1:00PM today! See ya there!
most likely
I sleep to much after school
Cool cause we are about to drop this Hot New single "Show Out" with Shameik & Shawty Lo everything has to be on point thanks
Establishing another medium in design is a trying venture.
it is!! So excited for you :] <3
Thanks. That's the goal!
this will require a diagram I think....
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo pump their own #septic tank
#YouKnowYoureAGemini when it's physically impossible to just do one thing at a time.
I understand that it may really frighten you that people are using social media to spread the truth. It's okay.
Robert putting finishing touches on “Negotiating in a New Economy” speech for New Orleans ISES Chapter next week. Stop on by
#nowplaying Somebody That I Used to Know, cover of Gotye
Suggestion – First, Give thanks to the people who brought you in to speak and mention them by name.
Haha I know! My brothers always saying again? And I'm just like yes nigga again!! Lol its just awesome, have you read the book?
the fat blue fox jumped under the boring dog.
Trying to die RT : You wildin RT : Drinking Henny on a empty stomach !!!!!!✊✊✊✊✊
ABOUT DAMN TIME! NOW LET'S GET JAKE HIS FIRST WIN! WE CAN DO THIS PHILLY! WALK IT OFF! #LETSGOPHILLIES !! !!! 8D
Watching a live google+ hangout demo
Current speakers: Sports- Journalism-
Pondering movies for #hillyhundred weekend. Already screened Breaking Away, Chasing Legends, Flying Scotsman. Other recommendations?
"You can forgive a fool because he only runs in one direction & doesn’t deceive anybody. It’s the deceivers who make you feel bad
RIP Bob Probert. Punch an angel for us.
It made Peter kick instead of stab
RT : Average order value goes up by over 50% when social recommendations are in play
...and you went during the back to school madness. Your a brave man :D
haha yup basically!! Bout 20 minutes or more away :]
I'm getting bored with the things I do to keep from getting bored.
Thank you for that #awesome #speech ! Bring our #troops #home !!!
speed big big diff
Ghost protocol ain't half bad so far
Hahaha when my brother sets the phone down while this girl is talking his ear off and watches tv
Let me start the 1st rumor: MJ had a full face transplant and is living secret life in Abu Dhabi, out of view of creditors and police.
How many roads musta man walk down before he admit he lost
The follicle being clogged compromises the scalp area which then causes a change in the hair's growth pattern.
Atlas Sound on right now!
The past 2 days have been my recovery days off but i cant stop, i feel as if someone, somewhere is working harder than me.....
lol sweet thanks. You ROCK. It was you who inspired me.
What can we say, this guy has taste.
yeah sure :D
People were shocked for a second it sounded like Megatron said the Lions pick Ryan Leaf!
god night xo <3 c:
LOL..I CALL MY MAMA ALL DA TIME..CERTIFIED MAMA'S BOY..IS TUES. "TWEET" DAY?..F/S..
I know what phone I'm getting now!! :)
lunch with a Editor then getting ready to cover "Archie's Final Project" red carpet in Santa Monica tonight!
Hey awesome job on the web checkout! A+!
WHAT?!? RT : Breaking Disco legend Donna Summer dead at 63
im a young artist wit an ol soul...hoping one day to work wit you rt
talk to me!
Free admission to the Carlos Museum on Friday, May 18 to celebrate
The bikini for 2012 is ready to go but I need get the SPF-Heavy Duty so I can maintain my colorless complexion.
Glad to hear about cams; disappointed to hear there hasn't been a policy; concerned about profiling.
that would be a good fit but you gotta understand Chris Bosh is a huge part of our offense
Whoever invented call of duty can go fuck themselves
What's your favorite place in Carmel/Fishers to take a class/learn something new? Let us know for a NORTH magazine story.
Cutting certain people out of my life has proved to be succesful in my daily happiness.
Safe in my home, just cooked a big dinner<--YOU COOK????SINCE WHEN LMAO
RT : Kylah is 8 lbs 5 oz and 20.5 inches long. She might have more hair than me. [Congratulations!]
amen to that.
we are tweeting from
Fat girl problems...my life story
Might as well buy a DSLR at that point. ;-)
Listening to #MiAmor ♥. Miss this song so much :')
DAMN IT JUST STARTIN POURING LIKE A MUG...
I just commented on the texture of the chicken wings. Clearly I've been watching too much Travel Channel...
unbelievable stat
Fresh Floral Bouquets
we won't know till May...cross ur fingers for. CSI Miami to get renewed
I allow the energy of what I'm feeling to reveal what is blocking my alignment. I always have a choice to realign my thinking.
Great to meet and chat with three world-class CMO's this week at #MarketMix!
I got Instagram!!! :D
Hey, me too! ": I just got a GREAT dress today so if any guys wanna ask me out on a date, I'm now prepared.”
Damn mystical has no limit
Big boys make plays.
I just want Justin to perform so I could go to sleep.
hey ash did u see one direction on SNL
Watching PBS News Hour try to spin JP's Jamie Dimon as a Republican. He's about as GOP as Jon Corzine.
lol yeah i know im going to wear it though but idk people in Mahopac like judge people..a lot..
lol Dany is referring to a tweet I retweeted about how no one should ever use that phrase haha
But it's so nastay!
Giving your partner a massage will deepen the connection in your relationship. Try it!
Wish the Bears had a coach like Jim Harbaugh...
Yeah,it's hard when you're going through a idenity crisis...hahahahahahah
#BestThingAboutBeingSingle there's. No one to bitch at you
My son is obsessed with tools..he is all boy
Back at volvo.
How is Jack B. doing today? Feelin' better?!
Indeed! , I think you will find being an alum to be possibly even cooler than being a student!
hahahahahahah I will if she wants me to!
wow thats intense organization
Cooking up some mediterranean pasta salad..
Every person needs a spouse because you can't blame everything on government
Congrats to our friend Mark on his promotion to political director at CNN. Hope to see you on our next political briefing in LA
man works hard
Jst left the tattoo shop
Praying for my friends and all families in the DFW area!!!
glad to "be" there! Ya'll had some great questions! /cc:
t's not about #wealthy paying more #taxes, it's about removing #loopholes & #deductions. Help me beat
my dummb ass phone won't stop now let me know if it keeps sending em
RT “: My mom is making me go to the mall in this thunderstorm... better like her present 🎁👍 #Literally”
Voter 222 at Fire Station #1. Not bad for a downtown area right?
Clickbank Tutorials - BANS - EBay Store The Easy Way
I never knew what GPS stood for until now. the full 3 words was just a puzzle on Wheel Of Fortune
-Hey can't wait to see you in concert in the US. On March 3!
dude, I love it. I lived in STL CWE (06-09) and my Mom is a Domer. Go Irish, Yanks, Cards, SLU BIllikens!
damn near had a stroke folkz lol
Hi Lara, I enjoyed your ABC article on gluten intolerance. Are you planning anything for Celiac Awareness Month in May?
I Love you.
Now following whats been good! How is AZ treating ya
What does #Africa Reclaiming Africa mean to you?
Change your routine, change your body. Mark has noticed that in order to see more results, he needs to change his...
They just did.
Gerald is on his way to the Wineries Unlimited Trade Show, Discounts on ALL floor displays so bring your truck! Tell him Cathy sent you!
What's up with the Bud Light? I assume that's just for the beer bongs?
Don't you just love having to wear jeans in 97 degree heat? :( oh #choir the things you do to me...
no problem !!! and happy birth day ... ure lucky to tweet u
I like this song, i like Avril! :)
I refuse to teach Musiq Soulchild how to love.
Like the farm subsidies that go to agribusinesses to make HCF for McDonalds? Well, maybe not that bad. #I'llstoprantingnow
To say the least, the stock market will be Clouded today by Steve Jobs' talk. Look for the signs under the averages.
Trying to get my sons, firsts scrapbook done. love to scrapbook.
So great catching up with u today!
Boy n The Hood OR Don't Be A Menace To Society
Everyone affected by these storms, be safe!
"her name is tree" "do you know shrub and bush?!" - Lauren Picado
Puppy Bowl was more entertaining
Zach Galifianakis was asked "who are you wearing" and responded "geranimals." Love it!
what is it??
Youtubing: Always entertaining to see a young Hugh Laurie as a theater actor
was that before or after the tip? ;)
Super moon covered up by clouds.
I thought Peter Jurkin had a real SHOT at making the #McdonaldsAllAmerican game.
I love how I may be having a rough day but he always manages to put a smile on my face.
So tired of peoples crap.... Had a horrible day!
We agree! /cc
Wow. Thanks!
Just want to say "Howdy!" to everyone at the Texas Asphalt Pavement Association Meeting in Austin. Good work on the new website.
haha hi :) and followed!
partying my ass off...just kiding..
Today is National Peace Officer Day. So may friends in law enforcement. God bless you folks for what you do.
Thanks. Yes that's the plan. Clubs are a little dusty. And I know I'm a bit rusty.
This weeks special: $59 Sky & Sea Facial includes mask, extractions, and pampering for one hour! Say Ah!
Can't wait to watch the #DragRaceReunion again tonight at 6!
That would be so cool! (:
Haha, let's hope you have very accommodating friends and family!
Thanks you too
You too!
-TY for the follow doll! Love the site! On a follow limit, will follow soon. Hope you had a fabulous day! xox
MOG's gave their interface a makeover in 2011 I think. Recommending music + finding new music > Spotify now
Love that album!
#Berklee library www servers are down again due to damage from #bostonpoweroutage ystrday. We're working on it--sorry for the inconvenience!
#Rangers are teeing off on poor Melancon only has a 40.50 ERA.
Bumper sticker: "My other face has a mustache." That made me giggle.
lol I'm dead serious you know I gotta mess with you but I've been good, u? Are you back in nashville?
nope #jersey baby
Good evening and welcome to our healing, breakthrough and deliverance serivce! We will be broadcasting shortly!
of course .... No worries babe
Reimbursement models, lack of insurance, under-insurance, volume based med... tech innovation can't solve these
RT : Who ham? >>Good guess, though. Thanks for the RT.
This art drama is out of control! We all just want the arts to thrive...right?
hehehe yes we know this!
I've been going hard since Wed. It finally hit me 😖😷💤
honestly think it'd be a better fight between me and Mayweather...my plan for him...whip his ass #ThatIsAll lol
Please tell me you have seen the old man on pawn stars. They just bought a Shelby cobra and I swear to God it's Dad.
This should be a good conference call if anyone wants to join in at 4pm tomorrow.
#IThankGod for everything! He is my #teacher, my #savior, my #firstLove, my #everything, my #father, my #rock, my #strength, my #foundation!
My phone is possessed tonight. If you get a phantom call I apologize. I promise it's not a pocket dial..i have no pockets
is probably gunna start moving this weekend and needs all the help he can get, any volunteers! :-)
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now.
awesome! I'm at the salesforce HH right now. Keep me updated on what you're up to :)
Tomorrow is April. No it's gonna be June. -_-
Work then heading to Detroit Rock City for some family fun
Love that Americans say check not cheque lol
still waiting to fly out of Knoxville.. It's gonna be a long day
Yes, I still RT the old way. Fuck your opinion.
#word RT : Still writing.
I expect a full report on Marco's.
ENTREES - ATLANTIC SALMON eggplant puree, seared greens, feta and sundried tomato dressing
hey i am huge fan of you and am so excited for the hunger games. it would mean so much if you followed me back, no lie. =)
you'll laugh, I always hit up The Wave on Broadway when I need good work. If you remember Miss Ree from KTFM, she owns it
A.O.E <3 iluu babe <3 Merry Christmas
it appears to be a large dendrite. Are you buying salads for zombies by accident perhaps?
It's LeBron time!
Loreena McKennitt to the rescue. Her music always makes me feel better.
Francona is gonna need a lot of bubblegum.
Get all 11 picks for only $50 or get 5 picks for $25! Great deal to get on our hot streak! Go 6-5 or better or money back GUARANTEED!
and I haven't talked in weeks up until now and it feels like we just talked yesterday. THAT is a true friend. <3
LOLZ. you have to remember, I'm the girl who married a "creepy internet guy," so you're A-OK in my book!
Ozzie Guillen we were all waiting for the dumb comments
right? But pics of naked beer bellies are ok though
Legos & Stuffed Animals pulled from drains this week, something clogging your drain? Give us a call 919-325-0180
I want to lip his stockings.
I love you and I will always be her for you. My love and prayers are with you and your mom. She is a survivor just like you. :)
Chicken noodle soup
great guide to Twitter for writers...
Leaving thee studio bout to go get some Chinese food yuumm!!
The Bush years! We are still digging out. Meantime, GW is pimping the networks, with his new book & still making up words!
good morning!!! :)
I don't know why I'm following accounts that are different languages…
Got a Christmas card from the Obama's AND got news that her dad might be finally coming home from the hospital!!!
need your email address. hit me up privately
I've been privileged with a twisted since of humor
A cooking demonstration of hotel standard vegan dining
Today i discovered that I love bluegrass. Where have you been all my life?
I hate quotations. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
yes the school you and I attend
Fun night reffing faculty game with had some tough calls but we took the critics
Having a major #sugarcraving right now...but I'm not giving in!!
Studio 7004 menu 2night: Oxtail Stew for me, NY Strip for Katie, Steamed Mussels for Olivia, Roasted beets/carrots for all. M.
that is powerful. time to crush live poker with that thing
We're going to make a Costco run on Friday, too.
I just watched a girl open a beer can using her tongue, my target has been located!
Of course! What's a workday without fun thinking through possibilities? It's always an adventure.
Happy Monday. What's on the agenda? Plan ....plan....plan.
Well can't sleep worth shit...anyone want to talk? lol
Waiting for my iPhone 3G to upgrade to iOS 4. Over 5 hours and no sign that it's getting close.
Ugh, I am so full of burrito.
Rangers defense = heroes. Unreal performance
A man with self control is a sexy man
Most dealers spend a lot of money supporting ball teams, high schools, hospitals, scouting, hospice and other charitable causes
In the event you see a complete thing it looks that it's always lovely.
yes yes and he's not dead and the police jut said nice job ass hole and I went in the car and Urga I'm answering questins soon
hey look at the person above me ^ she's a whore haha
You're a slut. I don't give a shit about anything you have to say. Just suck my dick.
So great catching up with you yesterday...
Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work
Homework and Talking to this kid in between :3 had a great day. but i know tomorrow will suck/:
Merry Christmas to All!
This day has gone by too slow... #timeforbed 💤
Who has two thumbs and gets a five-day weekend soon? This guy!
Thanks for NAIOP Tweet on Public Private Partnership presentation!
About to check out the hunger games.
Bedbugs at Patapsco again, looks like the exterminators just did not
I've seen someone with a six-pack of Smirnoff Ice at a BYOB before. No lie.
Headed to Long Island and NYC. Where to eat? Any suggestions?
idk what are we doing today
its disgusting how much i love you.
I don't understand how people can sleep without a blanket.
Unacceptable Behaviors: suggestive or obscene letters, notes, invitations or email received at work or at home
TKOCAPONE keep it up! what's doing for 2012??
No access to this content
Just woke myself up from a scary ass dream where someone was trying to kill me.
Watching Great show tonight.
Aaahhh is too sexy to turn 30 #sexy&twisted
what point??
Ok..I see why the #Hornets really wanted Bledsoe...
“: Probability of offense coming back from 2 run deficit in last 7 inn: .0000000000000001” happy to be wrong on that one.
": 1st Job I had fresh out of High School was @ CoSi . I was a Barista!!"Ahahaha yayyy Cosi
#HowImGrand I'm simply me and don't care wat other people think of me cause wat really matters is wat I think of myself!
there was not one part Where i wasn't laughing
The remarkable moment you realize you never considered changing your twitter profile pic.
#seriously grow up. I want a MAN not a BOY. Call me when you
I'll mention it to him. ;p if he's a good boy. Lol
If you wanna do something in art, then it would be an AMAZING opportunity. But just trust your heart, do what you think(:
thought the music you played behind the Tebow call was classic
Just got a little reusable lion king bag and stickers for getting a kids meal at subway :)))
Having the flu for a week is way better than getting a painful shot for 5 seconds.
adorable. ": You are the best in my book!"
I can't wait to start working out.
haha I feel you brother
have you posted part 9?
Every little girl came up to me saying hi. :o
Still in class? Awake?
Would love to get a count on the BMWs, cigars and bow ties among the douchebags at the
Just spoke to Sue C, fighting the good fight in PA. Waiting for start of session on special needs dog rehab & adoption at #nokill conference
No, I can't. When it first came on it was loud and very clear and when he officially started the sound left.
Badgers are making a run vs OSU on BTN. I hope they can pull it off!
Gettin a flattop.
The Cupertino Starbucks put in a Clover machine. Aside from the burnt beans, a decent cup of coffee. Don't drink it at 5pm, though.
exactly and his wife has a say and has told everyone she wants to stay. He's not leaving
Afternoon races are starting at 2:20 with 6min centers
S/o to the homie !! What's good bro!!!?
Come by the Comcast Call Center in Plymouth today from 12-4pm and check out the 2012 Grand Prix IndyCar!
Current IPOD playlist includes Rise Against-Re-education through labor Gotye- Somebody I used to know The Wanted- So glad you came
The birds are chirping and im still awake ...
On to another week. Finishing up a few in-depth stories I & others have been working on over the last month or so. What's on your agenda?
Seeking #RubyonRails Developers for full time position. Contact me at to learn more.
im so bored. asdfghjkl
GO FOLLOW ! SHE WILL FOLLOW BACK!.
I bet the Santorum family is covered in tattoos.
I don't know what I would have done without country music. Its just makes me happy! ;)
Good Burger > xD
From Parenthood?!
": Plants love shit"
Thanks for supporting our med students in their efforts to raise money for and ! See you this Thurs!
Amazon wish list LOL
...Everyone has something to share!
i think 60 but that's still cheap for a concert tho.. Drakes are going for like 150$ish You going?
gnr i cause i can be a nightmare bitch
Just got word that NuMe codes should all be activated. Thanks for all of your patience!
See you at Door64 Tech Fair today!
Snow? Really? Haha this will be the first time I've seen snow in almost two years ah
Sometimes, I swear I think you just like to see me pissed off and upset..
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing mothers, grandmothers, wives, & aunts out there. What are you doing to celebrate?
that's some tough love...
I love #drag queens! The world would be. oh. so. boring. without them! xoxo, Downtown
Lol I don't give af if you gotta problem w my attitude *subtweet*
#katyperrysucks on kca this is awful! ;( so sad
Its a secret.
officially done with my 1st year of my doctoral program. dang, what a rollercoaster it was. i need a moment to catch my breath....
Thanx for the tip
Had a gud day today got up extra early I'm ready to crash now
i dont think my cats eva been outside lol so u dont gotta worry bout my Animals (y do u capitalize the A?)
I hope she's alright!
Beautiful Tribute to your DAD..... Continue to SIng, SInG ....SING!!!
Hi Kel!....Have a Bless one
Yes! Plz send to to get on the show - especially Cut Me Up - Lv that one!
One "n" in Buccaneers. Too many double letters. Bottom line, Chip Kelly looked into NFL, but ultimately decided for now, he's a Duck.
my favorite song changes everyday. today it's stand up
WE WILL FIGHT TIL FOREVER! FOLLOW & WE WILL DONATE to #makeachange !!
I fully support your run and use of gavone.
A special prayer goes out 2all who were effected by the storms this week. We'll also pray 4those who r presently experiencing life's storms
: #brandchat >>Competition inspires gr8ness, yes, in the right environment, but can also derail projects
Be sure to follow fall 2011 artists: ...
I told my sister I love lee taemin more than her, so she said " I hate yo bitch ass" LOOOL.
Just got the most amazing news !! That's all I can say right now. But I am honored, blessed and that's all I can say right now.
“: Did you run into any fans... Or ladies with a shopping cart full of bagels and cream cheese? ;)” LOL!(:
Wondering if Twitter will ever stop asking me what I am doing. Can I take this seriously? - Yes, took another sip of coffee. Typing faster..
I hate when nerds write 10 page essays and I'm sitting here with 1 page and fatass hand writing
that's frigin great!!
where you flying to??
i'm sleeping my life away when I go home tonight for real.
ugh. driving back home from work n got stuck in hb traffic :(
I wish abby loved me as much as i love her.....
Amen, sister!
- thank U for the info you post - I am in Phila.
NE DC. The Shuttle made 4 loops around the District.
Great job on liking the photo-ad, everyone! Keep up the "Shares"
Thanks for the RT, Taffy.
Why did I wake up so damn early?...
Overheard: "I want laser hair removal but I'm scared cuz it's permanent. Do I want to be in a nursing home w/ a Brazilian?" Duh, Sexay G-ma!
Let's just lay here and be lazy baby!
Start everyday with a new hope, leave bad memories behind and have faith for a better tomorrow.
Of course
Hell yes. I Walk Alone was such a good song.
whoa..just saw this! epic!
okay, good bye -_-
“: ELI MANNING is MVP? #nosurprise” and won a corvette
This is how it starts, 1st watching my facebook status, stealing my pics, then imitating my style, then tell lies and scandal
so bord hanging wiff the best bro in the world and bethany
There is an ice cream truck circling my neighborhood. Playing "Jingle Bells." Somewhat seasonally inappropriate, no?
Playing I spy with via FaceTime made my night.
that's the grown up version of my studio city living room! ha
gtf out of here lol. Look up the career stats for both. Jordans are way better and he helped build a franchise from nothing.
maybe I pulled the panic chord
RT : If you are complaining right now about your situation, either change the way you do things or quit whining.
Wow, I don't think I've had a coherent thought all day. Hm...let me think...nope. Not a one. Time to watch some crappy TV
at the spa, w cocktails.
Hahaha! I am Michigan = Awesome
IF U DONT FEEL THE MUSIC IN UR BONES THEN ITS NOT A HIT
I have slept for four of the past 48 hours, and I am writing about ontology.
An ounce of loyalty is worth a pound of cleverness.-Elbert Hubbard
.gotta do mah nails. hm, what color? [=
Haha no problem! Was well worth the scaly itchyness and glad you guys had an awesome Senior night! And oh p.s..25 Likes now ;D
while I can't attend #fsi2012 in person this yr, glad staff will accompany #NIU faculty
Challenge your assumptions
Brides to be come see us at Hotel ABQ today! Perfect wedding guide show from 1-4pm!
We will be quoting last nights episode all day at work today!
Thank you Dr. Lena Smith at The Retreat in Rio Rancho, NM! A great organization serving very important people!
HEY :D
Measure what matters, including traffic to the VIC, web, social media, media impressions, newsroom traffic.
Ah i see, its not that bad :p
Both great! Gotta love being on the glass.
We can help! RT In the market for a tacky Christmas sweater... Can anyone help me out??
Back to school Special: Box Lunch Delivery....get $1 off for every person on orders for 20 or more people!!
i love you charlie!!!.....ahahahahahahahahahahaha lmao
I think so. Accommodates House Of Leaves better than "Electronic Literature." In any case, latter term now narrowly factional.
Thank You!
hey people i am about to hook up a networking party hit me up to get on my mailing list NYC event
Reggie and the full effect?
If you don't fight for what you want, don't cry for what you've lost.
- it should be #DemiANDBrit - why create drama & competition where there should be unity & solidarity?
Join Co-Author Gerald D. Rogers in Atlanta as we launch our "Take Back Your Life Tour" Health, Wealth and Happiness in box me for location!
You Got It!
hey thanks Shadoe!!
RT - What pro team is the greatest franchise noned to people today A Boston celtics B la lakers C ny Yankees D n...
YOLO | You Obviously Lack Originality.
Somewhere in the depths of my brain there's a version control system called "cvsvn," and I keep on trying to invoke it on the CLI.
OMG is that me, you, Taylor, and cats.
RT - Got my NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS shirt on today
log in, and under printing click "create project" and go from there.
catching up on my fav shows I've missed this week.
Haha they just played AC/DC "thunder" song as the blazers pump-up song.
Good luck on your exams. Congrats on finishing a great junior year!
we can't wait either! It's going to be great!
Is it time to leave yet?
People eating popcorn watching Twitter right now...This I'm sure of
I am in lax. Sure is cold outside.
I need some effing sleep!!!
I hope my dad don't get sent back off....):
Ladies keep those pictures coming! We have room for 2 more ladies to sit w/ Ravens CB Jimmy Smith on Thursday! Send em to !
NO! Where would the Housewives (and the rest of us) be without you? :)
yes why?
Heh. Travelers insurance, who bought the umbrella logo back from citigroup... Just curious if the brand sticks (CT native :) )
a lot of times Dah heck true
Does this mean that also sends pics of his junk, and dirty vmails to massage therapists?
and log in more nigga
Saying it here for some sense of accountability. Restarting my hot yoga practice at 6 a.m. tomorrow. Sweat is good for the soul, baby. :)
Im going to do anything i can do to get attention and ill enter any contest. My dream is to casually hang out with him!!! <3
me too. Love it!! I check it at least once a day!
RT : My boss didn't like my aggressive reporting style. And I wasn't about to become timid at a time like this.
TGIF Owls! Get your work done early and then head over to Valhalla for the #GSASpringPicnic at 5pm. Tell a friend!
THE GAL WID THE TIGHTEST SUP'M STEP FORWARD. SEPT 24@ CLUB 241 4637 WHITE PLAINS RD, BX.. ..BEST DRESS GIRL WIN A PRICE ...
What happened? ):
Dear mom and dad, when I lie to you, it's for your own good
This bar has serious sewage issues. The smell of sewer gas doesn't stop people from eating here. Can't pass on those .30 wings!
I'm still trying to assess blame for Rivers to Jackson pass.
Laughed so hard yesterday, I'm sore from it today, and it feels good.
Wow my prom dress legitimately does not fit me any more -_______- its too big now efffff
Was this on our website? if so, Forums is open to subscribers only due to the sensitive nature of some posts.
Received a hand-written letter from a friend today. Wow - these things need to make a comeback.
Good morning twitter. Ate fruit loops and jumped on the trampoline picked berries growing in our back yard I'm a mini farmer lol
I know! This rain is good when you can be at home.. Thank you for your support
agree. I forgot to vote last night, but this was a shocker!!:/
Hahahaha, WHAT KIND IS IT?(;
Returning to last week's theme of German-Jewish scientists for a few tweets...
Let's get fucked up and die
Yeah I just bought an NuCharge phone case. PROBLEM OFFICER?
Bigger than that freight elevator outside the media room at the RG? I find that hard to believe.
All i want is sum money
This is incredible, I'll look it up right now.
You don't bring your book to class, then you want to ask a bunch of questions. Come on man
goal! Go caps! Boop!
Just wanted you to know that I'm waiting on what will be my third Xbox 360 console to come back from repair. :(
I've made up in the lack of trying coffee by having my share of beer.
yes?? You're reply didn't say anything
Hey NMRT folks — is this committee application due by a certain date or just ASAP?
hope you feel better<3 please follow mee!
I hate coming home from work.
I have the ugliest tan lines from my filp flops!
#ThingsICantLiveWithout Not being on this Account For the Past.. Month!
And congrats to Scott/Ross Center for Oct 17-21 Community Service Week. Go see what the Center is up to!
Vietnamese avocado shakes when I'm done cleaning?
My favorite - Think Blended.
Miley dated Nick who dated Selena who dated Taylor L who dated Taylor S who dated Joe who dated Demi who dated Trace Cyrus, Miley's brother.
lol I know my app is nuts!!
this Michigan vs Georgia game been straight
Full Tilt Boogie.
Just completed roundtable discussion w/ CA State Controller John Chiang & & members re affordable housing tax credits
I thought Hunger Games was about fighting for food... It isn't...? Um.. this is awk...
I can either go to Southport or Plainfield next year.. :b what to do.
I'm so jealous of how excited the seniors must be knowing that they have 8 days left of school
just kiddin' of course we will be there -- Oh Snappin'!
Feels like lightening running through my veins every time I look at you...
Is my teacher really playing Justin Beiber in class right now?
My sis went to school for as year in Boston! Next time you need a session, hit me up & I'll let you know when I'm in NY next.
Thank you!
Celts are killing me right now
Everyone here at #TheWorldsMostFamousArena would like to wish a very Happy Birthday to Superstar !
omg my neighbors are so loud.... like this is really annoying
lmfao is anyone else watching always sunny in philly?
Last year I put the wrong niggas on this year its just me and my baby brother gettin it
Droid studio almost ready to make history Weapon style
Lagging in the Tweeting dept--but not elsewhere. Productivity rocks my socks :)
Some girl just posted side by side photos of her child & baby's daddy on Facebook talking about "Ain't that his twin!? Nigga take the test!"
The interactive sessions have been too hard to choose. Learn about OPL's open-source projects @ 3:15 w/ Co-Director Michael Riordan
Real eyes realize lies.
They are the best!
90 minutes until #Gamecocks take on Stanford! I've got a feeling that tonight's gonna be a good, good night!
haha so romantic... Lucky girl :)
are you still out?
We love the look of pendant lamps! Thanks for the great photos and info!
good look bruh new shit coming soon
Trying to finish up the lesson for our small groups who are following the sermon series. This one is on Paul's conversion. So much to say!
“:Someone once asked me"Whats it like being so cool?"and I looked straight back into the mirror and said"Its a-ight"
Goodnight ugly bitches :)
writing in all caps when i dont feel like writing >>
Who's excited about ? We are!
Q3) You really need a consultant.
me too! Xx
great 2nd at Disney. Am I the only one who giggles when I see the name #RosaChacha ?
Redbirds hammer Milwaukee again, now lead the NL Central by 4 1/2. And Shane Robinson has more HR and RBI than Albert #Bottenjols :)
I am way to excited about the game on Saturday.
I love Villareal's work, but this ain't public. Especially compared to a radio signal that goes half way to Austin.
Why can't I sleep damnit!
Im really smart.
Salt in the air, sand in my hair
happy birthday!!
To repeat, my account was hacked. Do not click on any DM'd links that I sent you today.
Thanks! I'm sure the kids would have a blast!!!
just asking but what about the 100 or so people that have been killed in Chicago since January 1 do they not matter as much?
Amazing showcase <3
#schoolmemories Talking with my seatmates :)
There is really nothing better than re-watching "Say Anything" for the 9000 time. "Bitches, man!"
Two down, two to go!
Do this then MOCT RT :Missed the first happy hour?Lucky ,we run a late night special starting at 9 p.m.too Everyday Mon-Sat.
Looked into magicJack, actually looks a little more interesting than I first though . Uses YMax but still ties you to your computer.
How u doin on this beautiful night?
now how to get him to follow me?! OOH can you like spam him to have him follow me?! That would be amazing if he followed me.
lol you gotta go #FatFalfas is the best spot in town
lol its so boring in there now since he moved christian :/
Straight, No B.S. tweeter
This better not be a three way tie
No buses, no yellow cabs.. blizzard and more.
Finally, NBA2K12!!!! So glad Andrew nabbed 30 rebounds, boy's actin a man. Keep it up
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS... LMAO #RETWEET #FOLLOWBACK POW!!! 1
I thought it was April 14. Bc it's always the Saturday of my birthday.
samsies...anxiety of the work week sets in.
hell yea! No I'm in Ohio.
Just got in the car and a random marley CD in muh player. Angel? I think so
I like when you guys favorite my tweets but I can't help but feel cheated a little bit. Like "eh, it was good..but not enough to retweet" =/
No Goal! HA! Preds going to pull it off
#reno the biggest little city in the world I love it when its in my rear view mirror
please follow or tweet me ! It would make my day well accually my life , soo please ! LY<3
you sure gurl?
why you jelly bitch?
Girl who was featured in my documentary performed in Chicago yesterday and people recognized her there. She felt so happy.. Reach of media!!
Good night baby!!!
": : suck it up big boy! LOL" gonna suck my ass to bed in about an hour
Suround yourself with greatness..
Attending the Joint Center #mtiprivacy event. Packed room!
I won't give up on us, even if the skies get rough.
Great 1st #SMBMad for me this morning! Thanks to & for the great presentations about #UWSocial!
Chris Evans and Chris Hemsworth.
I want some Mac and cheese ...homemade!
Waiting at Supermex for a table. This place has great tacos and burritos.
Just listening to jackson5, wow. Today's boybands sbould just hang it up.
The saying goes, "Let your conscience be your guide." Bad conscience = terrible behavior towards life and the living.
I would love to see a cam focused on Cena during this.
#morningjoe You miss the point on the recall, it is more than just unions. This wasn't just about 'math'. You will see, you will see.
Thanks for the RT!
I hate seeing Jody from Soap become Bob Hope.
congrats! If you and Paxton team up, you might be able to chew something.
$15 and includes free vinyl, cd & download card package.
Probably somewhere on West End Ave. Several places to stay there.
The beginning is the half of every action." - Greek Proverbs
When you ask me how I am doing. I lie to you and say I am doing just fine b/c you don't understand the truth.
Miserable on brothers couch! Thin & too short blanket, cold house, plasticky fold out mattress with bars & coils sticking me, socks on..Ugh!
Will you be watching the Apple iPad event today??
r u doing lent? Sacrificing something for God :)
RT : cuz you so sexeh // I'm too sexy for Milan, too sexy for Milan, New York and Japan....
I'm sure no matter which country wins, he will visit the other countries in years to come, but I'm still worried ...
Happy Friday! Have a great weekend!
it scares me too.. my heart just hurt thinking about it.
RT Leaky Cellphone Nets Can Give Attackers Your Location: alphadogg writes "GSM cellular networks leak enough locat......
im in love with someone
Just be honest....Even If It Hurts!!!
Whats the name of it and edition?
Do you cross your legs like Barack Obama?
Hanging with Frenchie Davis at the GLEH Garden Party!
LET'S GO #BRUINS!
A4: Clear skies
1 of the best movie quotes I've heard in awhile,"We're sexual beings. It is the denial of it that gets us into trouble."
it's really hard to live with someone as perfect as kaitlyn
i really wanna talk to you, but i get paranoid and think that i annoy you.
they might get it by the cases I get it by the pallet❕❕❕❕dtfl
Im so sleepy
Ok, thank you!!
Happy birthday Octavia Butler! The science fiction African-American author was born today in 1957, in Pasadena, CA.
It's so hot in ny!!!
Please keep Mike O'Connell in your prayers. As we learn more we will share.
what does that do?
This little game of one-on-one reminds me how much I DON'T miss basketball .
Sold out of the medium Minotaur design by :(
nice to meet you
Second time I get a total of $6.66
you've obviously never encountered the alternative minimum tax (amt) it creates a floor for wage earners like myself
#WhenAustin got chased out of Chicago by his Mahomies(; [From ]
Sorry, was sick weds, classes ALL day thurs. checked fb pg for update. are we on hold? who has major probs w/ what?
Sadly, many of us are already assimilated. But you know, there's still a lot of value in FB for users.
my effin stomach itches ?
Actions will always speak londer than words.
Omg i just want it to play already hehe :]
thanks for the follow and the RT!
RT Costanza said it best - SEVEN! RT this if you can't wait for #Game7 tonight!
: Look back and Thank God. Look forward and Trust God. Look around and Serve God. Look within and Find God.
At work for a few hours. Then final presentation and stuff in class. Then Phoenix bound! :-)
well That is sort of true :D
Mar 22,1942: Harvey diary: "There is appearing a dangerous rift in Anglo-American relations over Russia."
ZDNet research - IT budget cycle depends on #BizValue u bring. Where IT drives competive biz adv (growing). Where not (shrinking)
Lookie here! I'm tweeting! Once a year like clockwork
NO I DON'T GET IT YET HOLD ON IMMA ABOUT TO .
kk im going!
I-75 NB still stop and go near I-4. Traveling less than 10mph between stops. More time for podcasts!
where do we go for Hamlin?????
Last day of my current coaching gig. Will miss the people but not the smell of the metro or long commute
''It aint my fault'' by was the shit back in the day!
tickey boo thanks :-). How are you?
"Take this world, and give me Jesus"
Completely changed my hair ideas for this summer again. Should be cool :D
Going to the Hollywood Farmer's Market. Gonna see what its all about. Hope I can find some interesting foods.
I love true tv lol
I forgot u so bad Right ? *Sarcastic statement lol
love u too
Shocking only time I have crippling lower backpain? when I am in my private residence #do #you #understand the #implications BelindaJackson
Yeah! You guys are awesome. Good luck with the festival.
Makin love faces.
Only team I will accept losing to is okc. Hard to root against em. Die hard laker tho...2nd2none
Just saw my homegirl, Audra Jones at private screening of Restless City! She's the EP! ATL Let's Go!
what a good halloween thing to do in boston with kids
Still up went to sleep for an hour ugh can't stop thinking about my baby #sprung :))
prayer after the game. Unless Jesus said otherwise lol. You can hear from God about teamwork,attitude, determination watching
Should I bench Michael Turner to insert both Roy Helu and Beanie Wells into my lineup???
Looking like The #Dallas Mavericks are going to watch the NBA Final sitting on their sofa. Go OKC #Thunder send them home.
The new ECMC Farmers Market is getting better each week. 400 visitors last Friday, half from the hospital and half from the neighborhood.
Totally going to get an hour of sleep! Awesome!
Fav question so far: what experiences transcend age levels.
Joe Haigh a head coach!?! What!?!? Congrats man....just heard!!!
I LOVE weddings, mainly to dress up, get drunk and dance all night.
So much on my mind right now
Oh I think I love that boy Do anything for that boy...<3
What if that was Gabriel Jr.? ;) RT : Lmfao i am nothing like my mom she started crying because she ran over a puppy & i could
sorry I missed this, or I would have. Hope you guys had a great spring break in Florida.
Can't wait to see #oomf today ;)
So looking forward to all of our new upcoming #projects now in the works! <yay> This next year is going to be FABULOUS!!! <3
Just remembered I have a Starbucks GC from a student's family. Might have to stop & get myself a free hot coffee sundae after appts today.
When is the last time that you made a trip to the HOUSE OF BEAUTY? It may be about that time to see celebrity hairstylist
Made it just in time for Game of Thrones.
I want my team on Monday!
Going into tomorrow. Are there any keys for the game to watch for at the game?
The Pedal Mill just opened up for tomorrow night! Book your pre-turkey day night out! We have all 16 spots open!
I'm going to have to check out Rev. Barry Randolph church. He is on point.
Amen. “: we all want to share how we're working 16hour days 2 refute Levy, but I feel ashamed when I work "only" 8-10 hours...”
Opening night of festival. I hope it's good! If not, , and can entertain me.
Will the Head and Shoulders Qualifier B tournament work today?
The idea that once you achieve “success” you will then not have to work so hard is not True. The opposite is actually True.
Fun fact: Jack Davenport & Sonya Walger were together in FF. Both starred in Coupling: he in the orig, she in the crap US remake
i just want to run around and catch fireflies
Oh fun, the 10 m.o. has discovered the recycling bin. Discovered Lid dog proof, not child proof, & plastic containers make good toys
"That dress."
97-year-old woman requesting police assistance to collect insurance information from man who hit her car with a cart.
Prepping for the Manhattan Monologue Slam (www.mmslam.com)? Check out the selection at MonologuesToGo.com!
See Kuhn
I ate some cheesecake and instantly thought hey Gi would love this!
Um yeah.
Omg I love it when parents look at their cell phones and then there head sgo back like a lot lol
Now in Clapp LLR: "libraries as space for teaching, learning & research" event
your new #Boyfriend has been on repeat since 5am :)) <3 I cant wait for #BELIEVE to come out
Nothing like a little yoga to awaken your senses
Feel crap :/
I love you too
Howdy! You came up as a recommendation by twitter as someone similar.
all of my siblings joined in! i never knew my sisters vagina would be so soft <3 - lauren
#SEM10 Sunday is badass paper day. Wayne Marshall, Fernando Orejuela, Luis-Manuel Garcia.
UPS guy who delivered my phone just correctly guessed that I lost my phone at Coachella.. I really need to take off this wristband
its all good bra my Shit gets fucked up all the time lol
awesome. I'll have to keep an eye out for that. I am so bad at consistency with blogging, I always fall off. haha.
Music video coming out today!!
The Irouleguy is sharper and more angular than the Madiran to me. The Madiran was all soft curves and this is hard corners.
Maybe yea
when la bound you entertaining? =)
please follow my friends and ! You're the best Codes!
so true pham
Hope to see you done there! RT : Reading about it sounds so great! May have to make a stop there on Sat.!
green juice!
"If it weren't for cancer, I'd say I have the perfect life. If it weren't for cancer, would I even realize this?"
I love using shoeboxed and evernote to capture everything that I can later search. I'm not obsessed with categorizing anymore.
Thank you to Zona salon in Hingham for hosting a party for "Boston: Inspirational Women" last night. w/ and
Working harder then the day before
monday might be best for me cause I gotta go to Lansing Sunday
the commercial with the truck going down the mountain is misleading and some ignorant person would really try it! Marketing uh, ?
happy birthday! :)
Thanks Clive for the shout out bro! \m/\m/
Big UPS to #Celtics tonite... Hopefully #Philly gets they shit together and makes this series competitive, #Heat fans need it!
A major, but unrelated, insight sprung out of today's personal blue screen of death day.
When do you come back?
You give her these 5 things men and you will never regret it, you will have woman that will return it 10 fold
To have wine or not to have wine...
Tony Gonzales. Smutty hasn't tipped his hat yet. Gonzo is deadly.
Im not tryna underestimate them....but these teams look garbo!!
I saw (I think it was in a vignette for twitteR) that there are no built-in warnings when you exceed API limits..
Among my most prized possessions are words that I have never spoken. ~Orson Rega Card
is sitting in a swanky house in swanky beverly hills. that's where i want to be!
i just deactivated it you can try now and let me know if it works
Tonight we are young, so let's set the world on fire and we can burn brighter than the sun <3
hey girl!! How's the scene your way?
Things getting back to normal somewhat after Alex braking his leg on Thurs. learning to crawl in cast.
Thanks Ruth. You Always make me chuckle and think! Have a great Saturday!
it's been pretty great! I'm glad to be around my friends again!
It's really gay. That part shouldnt be exposed unless something is coming out or for some of you something going in. Think about it
This made me cry RT so cute:-) ": Sea otters hold hands when they sleep so they don't drift away from each other."
I think I'll go mac n cheese, okra, and mashed potatoes.
Pittsburgh we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Not too bad yet. I think someone opened a door in the cafeteria and it is sucking some of the bad air out.
Please welcome to twitter.
Apple wins long-awaited iTunes Store patent
That's alright man, don't feel too badly. In 2100, Gas is gonna be like $20 a gallon & music will probably suck
All Hollies songs are foreshadowing her departure
I feel so flattered, why thanks for those compliments anyway.
Awful dreams last night mean I'm a sleepy pup today.
considering how the Jets played today, the Pepsi Max ad is especially unfortunate. Horrible if you want to sell the product.
Good news considering the circumstances -- House votes to extend jobless benefits and homebuyer tax credit; bill goes to President Obama.
My anti-bullying video had been filmed, and is in production. Release party on December 18th in Walnut Creek, Ohio. Hope you can all make it
Talk To Me Twitterr ! Need Some More Mentionss And Followerss :D .
sorry to be so long in responding! the book sounds great and the research super interesting. i've never written historical.
Im always fucking later to everything I hater da shit
Oops I meant reminded...
Me and my big brother just had a pillow fight and we was play fighting lol he gone be pressing snooze in the morning
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
“: Multiple sources, including one inside UT football program, told me today Mack Brown will likely be forced out at Texas”
Oh McDonalds egg McMuffin, I wish I could quit you.
"oh G-d it's like drinking an effing lip gloss" re: my fruity beer
Which part?
we are the next host city/country in 2015. The Pan-Am and Commonwealth Games are often the first major multinational test for our future....
hahaha what a fag, damn bk randy
yeah...he fits in a lot of places since he can catch the deep ball as well as anyone
Today is the tomorrow you were waiting on yesterday to take that necessary step in your life. So are you ready??? - Coach Leslie
Now a half hour into the first round, everything is going very smoothly.
Yes, we want to know Raheem. Much success to you and thanks again for singing at my birthday bash.
Sometimes we need to cry, so we could see clear aqain. Just let the pain qo away. !.!!. =]
He is risen! Happy Resurrection Day to all of my friends in the Twitterverse!
We can get so consumed with everything going on around us, sometimes its nice to sit down, and have a nice dinner with friends, and family.
sometimes shit just aint mint to be man!
P.S. In case I haven't said it before, I'm proud of you.
Thanks to #MKEfoodies2012 for an awesome Oysterfest event last night! Loved it!
Thanks Loree. It isn't all the time but on those bad days it's a nightmare.
haha I know right. My dog beat me to seeing Europe lol
That's not a field trip, that's indoctrination.
"Writers do not merely reflect and interpret life, they inform and shape life." --E.B. White
is that bad?
Hey YOU should follow with every account you have because YOLO! ;)
#auditionweek is slowly coming to a close. hope everyone had good auditions and a good time in Baltimore!
What The Hell Is Shazam? LoL I Seen Their Logo On That Progressive Commercial But What Is It?
can't wait!!
Happy Monday!!! Are your employees #code sharing? Ask me how we can establish some basic protcol to #secure your funds.
Ill be drinking myself to sleep
Park date!
do you know anything about yesterday's hatch act training? it didn't work for me. rescheduled?
Whatever happened to Ralph Nader who ran as a Green Party candidate for several elections?
Out of the shower and getting dressed.....keynote and brunch in an hour
Inside all of us, is a wild thing
Greg and Marsha were whores.
Ill hit youin the am....Orphanz™
Why do they let you have so much fun?
Dude... having flashbacks to some awesome nights in the Petting Zoo listening to BB and others
Win or go home
Waking up late at night to go to the bathroom. *Walks there slowly. Finishes. RUNS BACK BEFORE A SERIAL KILLER KILLS ME*
NJOYN JESUS! IT'S HOLY WEEK! I'M LOVIN IT! MY INCREDIBLE SAVIOR! THANK YOU JESUS!
I in research for help to safe my daughter, If you know are have any idea what can be done read my next step on kristy symptoms.
We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same. ~Carlos Castaneda
Is researching the "gas shortage" in Atlanta. The dropping prices are proof positive that we were scammed after "Hurricane IKE"!
God doesn't give us trials He doesn't think we can handle.
Hey Sweet!
based on women's physical capabilities.
Anyone who follows my blog on an RSS feed should remove it. I deleted that blog months ago and it's been taken over by a spambot.
Hey Chicago theatre peeps, follow , chicago talent extraordinaire!
Can't wait to see The Avengers! Captain America Told The Hulk SMASH!! love it! I'm such. Super hero Mark. I love helping people 2!
Clips doing good
can't follow until 2morrow reached my limit.
May I recommend BOS? :)
Evan Longoria Injury: How you can replace him? | Fantasy Baseball ...
You are welcome!
My condolences to Rev. Al Sharpton on the loss of his mother...and to Trayvon Martin's family on their loss. My prayers are with you!
Jeff! Nice seeing you at the Actors Tweetup on Monday! Where is the TAN Holiday party gallery? I'd like to see the photos!
LOL! Gotta love moms :-)
#Thatmomentwhenyourealize you're an intellectual poser b/c you read the New Yorker on the bus
The Beach Boys. Beautiful and timeless.
Got Chickens and Bacon Smoking Away. Smells Heavenly!
#np scary monsters and sprites
I just had a deep conversation about Burger King with my best friend. This is why we are best friends.
Also: Think I'm gonna change my name.
I sell ice in the winter, I sell fire in hell, I'm a hustler baby, I'll sell water to a well. I gotta take a final.
its always drama at the school i go to ! that school needs to be called Drama High !
what did you do?!
Twitter girls are not just pretty faces on my timeline they are also smart girls with important opinions lol jk haha
Definitely, and Carlo your uncle that just arrived from #Italy is one cool person!
In Austin atSXSW sun is a great thing. Will send it your way.
hdtvedu solutions 2 USA's EDU: College students work 32 hours outside home. , Foundations - spend $$ 2 make communication efficient
John Wall is one of my all time favorite players w the CATS, but there is no way he deserves his jersey retired. Miller and Davis do.
Why are you wearing a striped shirt with a plaid flannel.. STOP
Can't Wait To Talk To Him Later Though :) <33
i don't wanna be anyone other than me
Got my schedule for #mlanet12 into Google Cal (had to use personal computer!). Now just have to make sure my poster gets printed in time...
There's an email coming your way soon!
Wow. People change fast. Their nice one day than their complete different the next.
Just did a 4-hour training course in under 30 minutes because I didn't read the material and went straight to the exam, which I passed.
as it is meant to be
thank you a little late :-)
For some people you just have to spell it all out--just like you would when speaking to a 4-year old.
Occupy grace and mercy. Occupy bible studies. Occupy your church pew with neighbors and friends. Occupy your life with Jesus.
The smell has faded but that was just strange...add changing the filters to the list of things to be done round these parts.
I want Texas In July to come back to Indy.
I love you
The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle
I hope you guys know that I will follow you if you just ask. ;)
Second row, perfect view, couldnt get any better! concert hell yeah
So that's where you are.
& any case law you can point 2 4 making a business case in favor of open access? need to free conference proceedings
Latin Gold Thursdays! QBar in Hotel #Albuquerque! Rio Grande & Mountain! Salsa y mas... 9pm-130am
Mexican mother's day, American mother's day; I show my momma love all de time. ALL DEE TIME. Shit I have her tattooed on me.
golden retrievers.
aw thanks! I am sad though, tickets were gone right at 10am :(
It is, eh?
Finishing loading the truck. Looking forward to seeing our friends in Grand Rapids for the Michigan Music Conference.
That awkward moment web u walk in a store. Find something you like. Then there is no cashier?
Yep, blame the hitting coach. ": Albert Pujols makes 1st major impact with #Angels as he gets the respected Mickey Hatcher fired."
Amen bro RT : Can't believe Joe Pa's gone.. R.I.P. Coach Paterno.. PSU will NEVER be the same..
okay Pero like I said if your family wanted to see her that bad Jason they would've been went to see her. I'm not about to argue
Happy Friday! What are YOUR weekend plans?
headed your way tomorrow eve. Excited to check out Cary Street after 20+ years away.
:"Blow Up Like Da World trade" Drops Sep.15 .New Features nd Promotions Soon To Come.Yee! www.myspace.com/Baddassmug3000
still very upset for not getting any tickets to any of your shows in new york=(
Thanks! I hopefully can create this startup and make it awesome. My ideas are fully going to their potential, finally! :)
The resume sounds good to me!
everybody in the club gets tipsy!!
The Continental Army is having a hard time recruiting in New England because local militias are offering more money to enlist.
Love ? I don't get none
holy crap - Betty White's "Off Their Rockers" is flat out funny!
Be real and you get Real Be Fake and you'll get Fake I'll take "Real" for 100 please lol
Such an amazing Easter weekend thus far celebrating the greatest sacrifice ever made. Get to a campus tomorrow.
Don’t wait for a storm to buy an umbrella. Start planning your holiday stories in advance. For instance, Memorial Day is coming up!
Haha oh so you were a hippie then? Haha jk jk, well I'm glad you're not a hippie!!
Ill be in chicago in 2 days. Cant wait!
yeah, I agree, but that sounds like the Tea Party again. Are you saying the internet shouldn't be regulated?
Writing 16s like internet child predators.
I smell Jews
OSC's to-do list: 1. Check Q Meter and make sure it's not too high. 2. Test people's capability for cognitive dissonance.
grade my effing exam, accounting nazi!
Hoping friends in Kansas are staying safe and away from severe weather. (Kinda miss living there during tornado season, though!)
I love how the solution to cities having no fiscal authority is to give them less.
“The first time someone shows you who they are, believe them.” ~ Maya Angelou
*waves* hi
We are less than 5 hours from the start of the NBA finals.. I have the lakers in 6. Title number 15 in going home to LA.
oh already made plans yesterday
Glad they're showing NCS sessions in the GSLI lounge. Currently listening to debate on #3: changing the membership year.
RT : In route to San Diego. &amp; Spin Nightclub tonight performing.
and high altitudes ;-)
I miss you to 💔
done! Yo you at tower?
If we all could get along then we all could sing this song together <3 DL and JD
how come you aren't in Texas covering Bruce Chen?
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarows show ??? ,, , ,
Everytime I hear Wu tang forever or method man tical 2 I want McDonald's breakfast early morning drives to
I will try to go! I just saw Lainie at The Polo Pounge.
Great lunch with the fam at BJ's, then picked up a power supply for the kids' computer. Can't wait for the 'Girls Night' sleepover tomorrow!
One of the perks of Twitter is that my followers now know that I was drinking heavily throughout kickball, yet my wife has nary a clue.
have u ever cing her in concert shes amazing live
thats that BS
Good way to get out of that Matt!
sweet. if you mean "the" marina in SF, you'll be about 10 minutes from my place too.
gossip girl here "oh the drama"
Yes. He is all about grassroot campaigning!
RT Do u have a sibling that u love to annoy?
“ Happy Mothers Day amazing mamas. Love to you all””
The smaller an organization, the less it can afford for its people to be role-based without overlap in responsibility.
"Friendship is like a violin; the music may stop now and then, but the strings will last forever."
About to hit up the #poker tables at before work. Let's see what happens!
Thanks to the massive unnamed video game company, for one of the most fab gigs a girl could have, that I can tell you nothing about. Yet. :)
y'all are welcome to our place for an impromptu Derby party right now if you feel like a Julep
Can't stop thinking about how great tonight was.
India & USA's #Cyberpact & New Open Source Platform To Access Government Data ow.ly/5IP44
We're just Texas. Born and raised.
I forgot about twitter! But then I realized there was a twitter app on my blackberry so like why not tweet everysecond now
Black belt! Congratulations!
After hearing on I can't wait to see Company.
thx for RT. piece was dreadful.
Kevin Love wins 3 Point Contest! Up next the Slam Dunk Contest!!!
David Byrne day in New Genres! Best excuse to watch Stop Making Sense and convert some Talking Heads fans. Loving this class.
Right, and somehow his hype grew from last year's draft to now.
School van driver facing rape charges in court in Boston. Latest at 5:30.
I was never a fighter but if someone follows me & catches up... I will fight for my life... Justice 4 Trayvon...
It's safe to say the Rez there don't dig Madaffer very much, or Emerald, or any SD politician for that matter.
RT : Ok I need more INK...*same*
I love the All Star comics covers from the end of the Golden Age run. Issue 13 is a great early cover, too.
I'd love to network with more blk professionals but I absolutely refuse to feign belief in Christianity to do so.
From the comcast rep: "We can't send you anything to your new address since I just closed your account. But the post office is working OK."
Hey Everyone! Don't forget to check out T-shirts!
you need to follow me so I can DM you
It is sad that our first reaction is to wonder who Sam Hurd's customers for cocaine and marijuana were on the Dallas Cowboys.
I do not want to go to school today.
before you know it, he'll be up there with me in tweets lol
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW TABLET PC REVIEW: HTC EVO View 4G Android Tablet - 32 GB - Dual Camera
RT “: Windows down, sporting blue and gold attire, listening to at the #IMS talking #pacers. It's May in #Indy baby!”
People with clear, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter period of time than people without them could ever imagine. Brian Tracy
Tempted to watching Walking Dead finale w/o Will, but I don't want to bear the horrors alone. Aw, screw it. WD, here I come.
Marie De Vichy-Chaconne~ It is only the first step that is difficult.
Thanks for the following and retweet!
I MISS U AND BABY NOAH! MY BABY NEED HER PLAYMATE BACK!
Life is short, so do what you need to do NOW-download free- InSpotter mobile app
Haha! RT : This will probably lead Sportscenter. “: Former Pats DE Mark Anderson signs 4-yr deal with Buffalo.”
Interesting - Universal CSS Frameworks. I need to check this out.
So far, what has been the greatest day of your life?
What is an adverb
Great tip from : tag vids with a unique keywd like your name spelled backwards to group related videos as yours.
One follower away from 100! Whoever the 100th follower is will get a tweet
I don't really give a fuck and my excuse is that I'm young.
I wish this for my kids but them being so young and being into girls and junk...how do us as a parent motivate them to move higher?
Saints just walking all over the miners in the last minute.
The Elsevier boycott seemed pretty successful to me.
Rebounding needs to turn it around. HORRIBLE lack of foul calls.
invite the same handle at yahoo. That's where my DropBox lives.
And the skateboard guy Haha
I had run out of my regular address labels and started using the ones St Jude's sends me. Thanks for pointing that out! Bah Humbug
even more after the madhouse last night!!!
Done! I feel like I need a day or two to get acclimated to G+
#FashionStar - team !!! Let's go!
thanks dood. But mos def im always here for ya.!
Its funny to see celebrities get pissed at regular people when they are saying stuff about them
Hope, I just need a ray of that.
probably travel the world with my loved ones!
Haha but that was on my other account
Director, Writer, & Produer...
ur not a douche
In the end, we’re all Artists - we just practice art in different forms, with different kinds of medium. Just work as if you're making Art!
Reveal yourself, tiny songstress!
Long day! But thank goodness I got what I need to be done!
Assembly amends and passes both #familycare bills
Y don't u answer a simple Question I posed 2 u ? Can a Muslim reject Quran or Hadith?
Want to exchange follows? let's support eachother. There is a promotion site that is free on my profile.
same here -- didn't receive any of the money i applied for. no for me either.
Hurry down to #VisionExpo booth MS 6713, we'll be giving away an iPac Handheld Pachymeter shortly...
Returning from Berkeley and Pacific Film Archive where UCLA's restoration of RUTHLESS was screened for an enthusiastic audience.
No. And you're not following me back so I can't respond privately
EVEN IF YOU WERE BROKE MY LOVE DON'T COST A THING. lmfao ugh.
I don't think anyone understands my obsession with pork egg rolls like theyre just way too good
What a waste of 10 bucks. I shouldn't have spent that 😒
ABC News is reporting that George #Zimmerman did take a serious beating. I'm guessing Reverend Al's going to gloss over this update.
lol. Bad look for the pac-12. Anthony Collins ended up way netter than I ever thought he would. I was way off in him.
Catching up on last week's episode of V.
back following U
#thankyoubulls for a great season!
Hey everyone! Our twitter page is up and you can follow us at Our facebook page will be up in a week! So follow us for updates!
Sorry I didn't see this sooner. Been running around WDW for days. Thanks for the kind words, glad you enjoy my madness..LOL
RT : Retweet this if you want $0 shipping! For every 100 new followers gets, we unlock 1 hr. $0 shipping tomorrow!
Will there be one-stoppers now?
I've become much less #RiskAverse as I've grown older. I think it's supposed to work the other way round?
yes! Let's have a drink. Text Eric!
just got outta bed ... what a night ,,, not in a good way
Quote for the day: (Crack) Never do a drug named after your own ass. Thanks you.
Lobby Channel showed great promise. Wish I had seen more of the other shows. Kudos to Excited to see the #Newplay process.
Hey! I hope you are having a good day thus far! Things going well?
can you get soups of the day, please?
Also Spammers i NEVER click on you stupid freakin links!!!1
Getting ready to play Daytona Beach, FL this Saturday May 7th at Sick Boys Lounge. Come out for some great music and help support a...
THIS ": What do you wanna do in my pants?! 0_0"
Did people take pictures of stuff nobody cared about before Instagram?
Looking for some models for our next event. DM for more details.
but you say that every time I bring up my chubby days. You're undermining my pity party.
do I remember correctly you posting a pic of a "sexy sax man" recently? Is he local? I think he was just on tv.
honestly. I didn't even now until I checked battlelog. Hahaaah
All you need is love and
Icing on the cake... Song from -playing on my 21st!!!
RT : "This could not have happened without one woman in Fairfax County" - Marc Acito of #HHawards winner Birds of a Feather,...
Pig roast is 3/12 from 4-8pm. Want an invite? We're trying to keep things intimate, so it's invite-only.
know how i didn't see you at all today....
thats so last year!
I bet you loved hearing Khali sing happy birthday to Cena!
#Crew96 stuck in O'Hare. Bring our boys home.
Just hold me tight. Stay by my side. Let me be the one who calls you baby.
Its curtains for THE LAKESHOW!!!
Street Beauty Entertainment.....Houston's Best Female Entertainment
thinking about walking to #SuperAmerica to get a soda (or something to drink)
Good night with great people.
Wet weather continues to be an issue. Temperature 51 & dewpoint 48 means drying out a chip a slow process. Best to schedule repair later.
What do you love most about #occupational #therapy?
i hate it! I luckily passed back out tho haha
I do!
Seriously just got yelled at because after a mentally exhausting day of work I'll come home and take a nap or watch tv. Isn't this America?
Well, okay. Fuck you, too. -.-
Never met Bry, but I'm a huge TESD fan and think he's and inspiration. Tell him his fans wish him well.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you laugh at my stupid jokes
Last night was fun at tLong Wongs listening to Kevin Redlich Thanks to Kevin for letting me jam with him. We play there tonight at Long...
If you have nothing nice to say then just shut the fuck up.
I think I need a break from the dealings of reality
let me know how it goes! am at #hth2012 wish I could also be at
Join us help end child hunger Sept 18- 24. For more information on how you can help go to www.dineoutfornokidhungry.com
I turned off all plugins, changed theme, reinstalled WordPress, but turning off Rocket Loader fixed it.
She came up with some good plans,I think she just wants me out of the house *shrugs*
No matter how far I go,and no matter how long it takes, no one or nothing can change. Forever yours here I stand!
Great I hope you enjoyed it, I did! It's pretty cheap on Amazon about 11.99 or something!
As few as 20 percent of email messages are opened by recipients. Over 95 percent of text messages are opened.
No. I did not bite it.
“Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.” - James Thurber
Thanks for the MobiDeals love! :) RT Rocks!!
Salsa anyone? India swings to the Latino beat
RT #Leo's live for love and appreciation.
oh thanks x
Valiant effort by the Timbers to keep playoff shot alive. Didn't get a win, but refused to lose. Highlights coming up
ya we can figure out a time later just text me
i love when people talk about my relationship.
Picked a good day to stop at Dilly Cafe in Mariemont, OH - just tapped Avery Maharaja! Holy hops, Batman!
#Texas2ATL Ok time to do shows in the ATL - The Hit & The #SouthDallasSwag Dance is really on fiya here SERIOUSLY wurk time.
thanks for fallowing! and 2 things, l LOVE your profile pic and i like your bio lol :)
RT : Happy to be part of any group trying to change America's attitudes towards schooling.
oh kool..ima start writing the record...probably send you the hk and riff it up at that time.cuz I wanna spit to the riff to dig?
She look like Dr. Seuss!!! Bitch step yo game up!!
thank god I waited to text my #doghouse selection. Now I have nothing to say. Both my #bigredmachines came through tonight!
. to : Elected officials privilege #Facebook (Boehner) - need media to be more critical.
been there done that lol
You see orange sky 'cause nuclear particles brought by the jet stream winds from Fukushima & TN's nuclear power leakage.
I thought you were actually bailey... You gave me a heart attack .
go to the circuit box in the kitchen, shut the circuit breaker for "heat pump" off and leave it off for 2-3 min.
LA's Penn State Alums React to Allegations
Good sign!
great #tea pick deep & satisfying!
Can you imagine the lead executives of a business all fleeing to other opportunities immediately after a big success?
Happy Holidays for those who celebrate.
Sex on the beach, left love speechless
There's no better shot than the topless woman using her hands as a bra
FIRE IN FOOTHILLS?
Due to unregulated increases in volume, idiots will no longer be tolerated.
Really over here blasting "You Da One"-Rihanna.
Ahh, St. Patrick's Day. The New Years Eve of March.
Dude, I'm not talking about friends!
he wants to talk to you to doe <3
Nice to meet you on Friday!
Hotel..Motel...Holiday Inn.
So find your feet now that you are on your own. Here's one for the road, I hope you never make it home.
Rolling Stones got Ringo ahead of Barker, Sexson(311), and Passillas(Incubus) on the top 100 drummer list? Pretty far stretch if you ask me.
I received +K in social media from Gracias!!! ;) Would love to have you over for tweetup on Thurs SoBe!
www.platinumposts.com check it out!!
When they ask if you believe cops always tell the truth say no.
Living young and wild and free
yeah!!!!! Lol and i would mention you an stuff!!!!:D
well according to the Mayan calendar the world will have ended So would it have mattered?
needs to be soon but we have bike night now on Wednesdays, but I think I could skip for some handsome mugs.. Karaoke?
It took me to reach 45 to learn how to say "NO" and not feel guilty!!! more no's to come! Praise God
Quote from last night - "You know why I LOVE this place? Because for 8 bucks I get a fabulously delicious meal!" Great job
Trying to get to 400....he's a boy belieber! And he's really sweet you won't regret it :)
All I care about are my
Eating a lick 'em stix. Cherry, Grape & Apple w/2 stix. I love this kind of candy!
is at Progressive Field, hoping this game has a better outcome than last night's.
Fuck school in the morning ugh
RT : We definitely hope to see you this Friday for the #PinkCarpetEvent Marlena! :)
Hey, watch Motorcity on #DisneyXD. There aren't enough animated dystopian sci-fi hot-rod programs set in Detroit on TV.
I'm suffering from a motivational deficit disorder...
what time do you guys go on tonight? Rushing to the city now!!
It smells musty in this bus >.<
Affiliate marketing Guide – Advantages, Disadvantages, and ...
Just saw Chasing the Sun music video it was amazing
Congratulations!!! Ayumi signed with Basic Models this past week!!
it's still in pieces. We will see what turns out with a little hot glue and some creativity.
Hope its all worth it in the end..
nm babe and you
I bet there are some high dollar bounties on him. Where can I chip in? Lol
Storm passing. No power since 7AM. Lots of limbs down (some big). None of our trees fell, yet. Plenty of batteries but no instant coffee!
that's so not fun! I hate allergies! Sorry, I feel your pain!
Successfully harangued dear NY friends into seeing Sleep No More. Soothing jealousy by seeing the Jesus and Mary Chain here, same night.
If we keep doin what we doin, We gone be on Top
Where y'all at?
Watching the little red dude run on the #bostonmarathon tracker is pretty entertaining. He's booking it!
should of asked him why he don't swim instead of fly!
where is our 14th President of the United States Franklin Pierce biopic?
The random guy we met called himself a fan but said "didnt tvxq have like 6 members or something?"
The story of your innovative teacher just keeps getting better. Thank you for sharing it!
Are the servers down? All of my sites are down. Please advise.
« Tomorrow on : Catch Oregon @ Monona Grove!
We need to see more of it. Oh, and someone needs to put some hits on Torres.
A few more hours left for $5 Gyros! Chicken or Beef! Get here by 4pm =)
sorry, but i don't know that answer… why do you ask?
Hey Amanda, this is Paula. Please tell me what a Fast Pass is for the convention.
Thanks for the RT earlier this week!
Great song, Should have included "pussy" in the lyrics.
#SAFAFTRA #oneunion yeah-yuh!!! I totally just teared up...getting verklempt...talk amongst ya'selves.
We would like sardines for christmas. That is all
the last time?? yeah i think soo
yeah I am sure we will do the same. Going with Furbs. Also sitting 400s
maybe thats why you got the good price...like a senior discount! LOL
One episode in and I officially hate Friday Night Lights.
“If you don’t bring a love of mankind to your work, your work is going to be very hol­low to begin with.” #photojournalism via last tweet
Texas Assault make it back to Adidas Super 64 again! Championship Game vs. Dream Vision 7pm CST. On CBS College Sports TV
Thanks to former #MiamiDolphins DE #JohnBosa for joining his old teammate on the show. Your calls/texts the rest of the way!
thank you hunn,btw you're super nice too :)
will do!
not away k mean WAY
LIES! It was nothing short of the sexiest thing i've ever seen.
-Ty for the emails doll! Looking forward to pulling!! xox
I love every bone in your body
Idk where the hell i was then. Ha
u sound like me lol
Come up with good content and you can get RT's, too. 😏
Staying at the tonight? Hop across the street for the #Indianapolis Indians Baseball Game at Victory Field at 7:05pm.
that's my girl :)
Damn it, I love my life.
Must have tweeted it for the both of us then. :)
good stuff, that's what!
Texas Roadhouse is O-MAZING. Great steak! (medium rare for me of course) -M
And at the half it's #Turnovers 17 - #Seahawks 0
#fridayreads Finished Stonecutter by Lackberg. Excellent read, can't wait for the next one! Thanks
My brother bought me Nutella (:
How awesome! I hope so! Best of luck in whatever it is.
not quite i'm on the prowl 👀
She said it, boom! RT : > is funny....that is all.
Joe said we will b w/ about 60 cops/firefighters on St Pattys Day. IDK if that is a good or bad thing LOL
Listening to NJATA God Nick is amazing. :)
Four innings complete here in Monroe and the Cheese lead 2-1 v Edgewood in softball
Fake ass you are.. Say it directly to me!
i have to sleep . i can't stay up any longer.
Kinda hungry... What to eat lots of things to chose from... Oreos yumm
NICE WORK on this week's cover of NEXT MAGAZINE! you look FANTASTIC! Happy opening night to Newsies!!
SweetLove by Chris Brown (:
Possibly no Tim Duncan tonite.
not a clue yet lol
beautiful sunny day in NYC!!! celebrate with happy hour -buy one get one free on ALL drinks!!
You don't have to go to parties every weekend and get drunk to be " popular."
Hard work and dedication
Couldn't resist since Matt Millen walks around wearing a bulls eye 24/7. . .even during the offseason.
Do you have allergies? If so, which?
Fiesta San Antonio. Once dias de puro party.
Time for a follow up MT : Dig deeper. some key players/SEC officials weren't talked to. Over at Ernst&Young too
hehehe your cute x)
New CyberLink Media Suite 10 Redefines Software Category - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)
If this bug comes near me i'll scream:(
#SomeWhereInTheHood a cop is beatin on a black person
Who is hiding under their bed?!?!?!
Hardest question of the day: coffee or mountain dew?
First Saturday tour of the yr tomorrow and a high of 27 degrees is expected. Let's hope it goes well and everyone stays as warm as possible!
LOL I was wonderin about that tweet aint no such thing
I am numb.
THATS GREAT ME TOO
You can count on a great show and amazing vocalist Faith Gallardo
Have you taken your chem final yet?
Are you open tonight?
"How many eye lashes do you have again? Like 2 right?" says
Ah time travel books! I think I may have to work through both of these.
Take a moment and think about it...
That M&M commercial is hilarious
I'm busy grinding its my time for God's favor it's my time 2b blessed!! I believe in my future if I don't who will!!!
you are welcome and we have to support one another.
where u wrk
I have two feet and miracle to make
": BALLS!" Here's a listener!
Finally finished a WHOLE group project BY MYSELF.
The ship arrived so we're moving in to our new place this weekend. I'm now a Bellevueite...
Yeah! Looking forward to this evening's mother blessing. Paint my belly!
. Please stop ruining Pavement and Gold Soundz for me and all humanity.
This life it was made for me & im not giving it up for nobody!!
That's Sexi Lexi's boyfriend ; )
You tell us... Is "liking your own post" better than "licking your own post"!?
Up at Niagara Falls, played 2 shows yesterday and 2 more today, then hitting Buffalo tonight
Officially finished #libraryschool! Newly minted #librarians of the word unite!
Tragedy strikes - I just broke a full bottle of wine
Tickets to Lil Wayne LIVE coming up before 5 o'clock LISTEN FOR PAULY's CUE TO CALL!
Guys it's not official, they said they're working on it. But maybe I'd we get #1DChicagoSigning trending, we could deff get one :)
Opening session at
At The Zone Team Store located on the first level near the ticket line when you walk in through the BCA main doors.
Got some interesting pointers on metadata from our distributor. Yes, that's "interesting" & "metadata" in same sentence. Thx also
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK :DD ♥ U SO MUCHH !
im a lebron fan and i agree with everything you just said. he gotta step up. now!
Wait....did I miss something? Is it your birthday today?!?!?
I need a breakfast burrito stat... can you ship to #chicago ?
only at all stars would they have a chance on = play
indeed you are; not going to even say
That's a wrap for the opening keynote. Catch you in 15 minutes for 's keynote.
Today I have a chorus instructor from NYU coming to inspect my choir :S i am so excited. #soprano1 8)
It could be! Maybe she can give it a look and let us know!? Then I can link the pic ot her Twitter of Website.
Single doesn't always mean lonely and relationship doesn't always mean happy.
You bet, we will have it on the big screen in the yard. It is also Steak Night. Steak and Fries $10
anyway we can discuss/act online as I'm already in the USA and on airplane mode so as to not pay roaming
"faded faded faded my nigga I'm faded faded faded" #NP tyga & Lil Wayne
RT : Q3. Social Studies is a study of what people did to change their own world.It has nothing to do with dates.#sschat <-yay!
#SuperTuesday 2012 sure is coming down to the wire, wow.
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily. Zig Ziglar #RockTheReTweet”
have turned the tables on the storytelling "we lived to tell the tale.Fortune befriends the bold!"
Been up for 36 hours... So far. #dying -.-
no problem lady!
Break your tryptophan coma with one of our shows! Tonight and Saturday, 8 and 10pm!
-looks at you then to the sky-
Is anyone able to play mw2 on ps3 or is it just me?
OK, so I know I'm a Personal Trainer which means I'm supposed to have rock hard abs and blahblahblah, but I'm really feelin !
*clears throat* ..Bullshit!.
Talk to your #donors. What are their aspirations for your #nonprofit? #Contributions will follow.
Please do because that would mean you'd have to come over to get it...
Of course, no problem! Thanks beautiful! Love ya too!
you're an excellent singer with a great story! #keepyourheadheldhigh :)
Everyday is mothers day
Honestly I'm Scared Of Tha Dark !
I figured you for "meetings" all afternoon. on a patio. With a beer. and maybe a client, but that's negotiable.
Had a good time out tho wit Corey.
Building out taxonomies for crops & plants, soil & land, agronomy.
great job on - THANK YOU.
Sam Bradford in middle of the Hair Wars with Axe deal. Not sure i'd mess with (#HandS) & (#suave)
A HUGE CONGRATS to for hitting #3 on NY Times Bestseller list THIS SUNDAY! #ByInvitationOnly BUY IT.
OMG CANT WAIT TILL THE VIDEO!!!(:
King Philip of Macedon appointed Aristotle as tutor of his son Alexander the Great. Alexander then funded Aristotle's zoo and botanicals
I put the right one back in, the left side is still drying out...
Once again you all amaze me with your effort. Keep it up, Mr La Puente is the MAN!
Does anyone know if #detroitstylepizza really originates from the motor city?
Never underestimate the power, courage and love of a mother. I love the 3 mothers in my life - My wife, My mom & my mother-in-law. Love you!
"Yeah I got hella pussy last night.-never said the guy driving the prius."
hey pdx people. i'm the singer for Bent Utensil. Covers of songs by A Perfect Circle, done acousticly. we wanna play a show. venues?????????
it used to be the Flyers offense saving Bryz now they expect Bryz to save them
Doug Collins is 3-6 in playoff series. His 3 series wins are when he coached the best 2-guard to ever play. #MJ CHI can't lose to PHI
I remember being young tryna hustle my dope. Tryna tell them old junkies that my crack ain't soap
fine thanks u?
Gotta say, the AdBlock April Fools joke is pretty cat-tastic!
is finishing up her digital portfolio for the Public History presentations tomorrow!
#INCS ..."The Last Great Daguerriean Survey of the Twentieth Century"? Definitely want to check out more of his work.
maybe some "family planking" one day?
Awee you look like an infant in your picture
I put more thought into this year's Halloween costume than most parents devote to deciding who should get their kids if they die.
lol that you are pretty lady!!!
Power still out in our Needham neighborhood...going on 5 hours. Flooding and downed trees and tree limb abound.
I got to its not my choice it's an option I'm not gone be gone for a long ass time I'll be back next month
I hate B days
If you haven't seen "Dralion" yet...don't miss it before it leaves your city. Best show that I have seen in years.
u need LA in yo life hehehe just here at work ya know
So they found a new bone to chew on
Just saw a billboard for the "Guggenham." Guess where I'm going.
grats! :-) give a pat on the back for me!
i dont think you want to jump off the bridge cause i wouldn't just think positive
I'm doing pretty good. How are you?
Our destiny is not determined by anyone who leaves our lives.
Here I come Indy! Haven't been home in 3 months and never been so excited to see my family :)
if hell freezes over before MN, I'm gonna be pissed.
Good to see our colleagues from , , , and at Library Day in Albany -- being heard!
Yes It Was....Wishing you Well: ))B
“: Its some undercover prostitution shit going on on Twitter !!!!!!!!”
Too much of a good thing can be wonderful-mae west
I'm so excited!! #nowdarlin #yourecuter okay? (;
Let's make it easier for startups to raise capital, create jobs & succeed by passing ALL pieces of
guess who liked the show?
u making this available for streaming?
The loudest nigga in the room is usually the broke one
#miz #umwhat RT : There's a shirtless old man playing hacky sac in the middle of speaker's circle
Had fun with the girls.
Texas learned from Yates. No this woman needs to be put away for life, do we forget the family of victims in this case?
Wsop final table day! Usually wait till it airs but i always find out the winner early anyway so i'm following the audio stream this time!
hei arian I know you from Victorius great episode and I saw victoria ever been to Universal Studio okei love greeting vanycy
Is it weird that the best dream I have had in a long time was about a #hackathon?
finally a PP goal!!
Somethings gotta give.
Andrew is looking for a dog walker for his 65-pound lab. Contact him here:
Progress, not perfection :)
Weird dreams.
lol well umm thank u both.n y do u say im amazing
“ She gnna play you bro #factRT : I'm hungry, hurry up & get off !!!!”NO IM NOT !!! lmaoo
☀Let the sunshine in!☀
Mr.Clark! Some kid is beating up Kid Ray!!!!
Just finished up lots of yard work...
such a love/hate relationship with protools. a fresh install is the hate part.
You know what would be awesome right now? Smoking for a little at the beach... Too bad I quit XD
When i'm having a bad day or i'm pissed off i listen to eminem...he will always be one of my favorite rappers <3
Happy Passover and Easter to all.
Okay I'm done lol
Let it be Known this How u Made Me..
Aw, thanks for that, Marina! Happy Thursday to you! :)
ur such a thug =P
Cowley says website shows deal between swim body and D'Arcy - Stock and Land
Immature kids on this class <<<<<
its not the same wen u spend Christmas alone it is wat it is have a good one #MerryChristmas i guess ..
Even strippers hate litter bugs, yo.
Digital magazine pricing is the worst. $5.99 an issue? Sheesh!
RT PLZ! Need a 2nd chance? Know someone who does? IS THE PDX 2nd chance landlords! Call us & share this plz! : ) TY!
About to make sum wings Alabama style
I love my momma.
They are beating all kinds of odds to even be in college. Tie $$ to GPA etc & they'll lose the $-- 2 no one's benefit
Albeit late, this week I just discovered the real beauty of . Takeaway: reddit = NYC & twitter = LA
Texas comes back to within 5 of Cincy. Amazing.
Haven't seen highlight but saw twitter feed. Did #Tiger punch the new female CEO of IBM in the baby-maker or something?
that is actually hypnotic to me, I try to look away but I'm fascinated how a human being can have ball parks in their head?
We were born to unite with our fellow men, and to join in community with the human race.
You serve bankers daily, so would you serve Hitler or Stalin?
So far all I've seen in Oklahoma is a Comanche Nation Casino and a Best Western. About living up to expectations.
That might have been a mistake, but then again it might have been a response to our new lamb burger and steak sandwich...
I like pie
Yes sir. Did you get them?
you're a "somebody" now!
haha who knows! People are crazy!!
1st blocks play was the highlight of my day!
My dissertation included asking GenY's coworkers 2 list GenY values. Listing others might be difficult, but is it easier 2 list own values?
Capital City Dance Team calendar signing is this Thursday from 7-8:30pm at BoneDaddy's!! Hope to see everyone there!!
haha I know I'm doing good so far :)
So happy you will be with us another season. CC you on OPENING DAY!
can i help?
Game 2 tonight, Blues need to even the series back up
Last night's game was great. So glad to be back in boston and my home state...and win! Thanks BiGi for the 2 goals! And C.P. for the shutout
This guy has jokes RT : trade me halladay. u need a catcher which montero will be in like 2 weeks
Good thing my sister's boyfriend is here , he's taking us to school :)
girl, Air Force chics have issues. For real!! I'm killing her with kindness though.
That's a very sweet picture. (sweet/awesome and sweet/sweet :)
thanks for the mention. could not have started Sportaneous without the help of the Lang center!
Wow #BB13 is a roller coaster!
#MommyPorn, "50 SHADES OF GRAY- guy ties up girl/BDSM ensues. huh? I tied my wife up once, then went to the next room & watched golf.
You're color deaf.
Hi all! Yes Lee carries our tile line and her showroom is amazing!
Follow me !(;
#bootcamp6 just broke Twitter (at least for this building). Yes!
ill be there
I miss you whore!!
Welcome to me new followers.
Haha it is expensive. I mean the student tickets are kinda cheap haha.
Have you seen Kelly Kapowski lately? RT : Mr. Belding put on a few pounds.
you're not getting great weather for your visit! Any time to grab coffee while you're in town?
check out my graphics on Facebook "Graphic designs done by Tonya Coop" let me know what u think!! Thanks
Jim Ross shouldn't have been fired
Bo :( RT: You are bad luck for the Rangers! No more games for you!
Just got home from class, waiting on the wife so we can a tasty dinner
Focused like a laser. That is me today.
Recording vocals
Choneese ! What time are you coming home ?!?!
What are the chances that an 18-year-old music video on VHS would sync with a digital remix? Pretty good, it turns out.
I know.
Having trouble sleeping, but "When you are in Love you can’t fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams."
#sexualcultures on separations of reproduction from the female body: pregnant men, Shulamith Firestone.
Kevin Garrnet Shot A 3 pointer what the world is coming 2
No offense taken... :D
No one ever says E or Vin were their favorites. Least interesting leads ever.
Enjoying the #Oscar tweets!! Keep 'em comin!!
VICOM-125 Students: I'm sitting with the author of our textbook at the airport in Orlando. We're on the same flight to Milwaukee.
I'm going drive thru and this guy was just like "I just wanna letchu know, your makeup looks JUST right." Uh thanks...
"Lsd swag blame it on the drugs" -
I gotta let my baby Jo move on with his life, that's gonna be hard. WHAT ABOUT WALLACE THAT'S HIS BABY
No your limit when you drink
-The city would not enforce the snow law when I complained. You MUST change this Catania!
After planning the company holiday party, I realize I could never be an event planner (my orig career plan)
Im gone really make her feel special once I get situated n da army later
well, you should feel thankful to have this family time :-)
Just as a palette cleanser from all the bad news out there: Wishing you all beauty, hope and magic. Lots of it. Right now.
So is presentation! RT texture is as important as flavor.
#rexryan talks 2 much considering he not only got his lunch handed 2 him by Oakland and former qb"s don't like emm
No tweets these days....How are you?
A burger for breakfast? Come try our Breakfast Burger made with a hamburger patty, fried egg, cheese and tomato!
so Destiny is wow
Naperville Magazine Names Mark Zonca as Editor
Them pesky the squirrels! Up to no good as usual... But wait, says $1 per #Squirrels4Good tweet for I stand corrected.
hey girl.<3 I had THE CRAZIEST dream last night. Omg. :o &. Wow, you don't follow me? Meanie. Bahaha!
Welcome to Twitter, James!
Surprised & disappointed Got 1st response tues pm, too late. Some students very active, many clueless, which is why we need it!
Thanks. Maserati has done a great job of creating some of the most elegant cars in the world. We're proud to carry them.
Your manager explains that no new employee can after a 90 day probation every gets "exceed expectations" even though you did a good job.
Trying not to let my past effect my future.
Hunter Pence or Carlos Beltran, who do you move for which one #BravesCountry?
what are their stage names?
"Supporting Inquiry-Based Instruction Through Mobile Learning" by Gerald Gannod & Kristen Bachman is one of 60+ sessions at
..you keep posting great info, I'll keep retweetin'...lol
Some people are so easily manipulated
food was awesome..
Now they're getting to the heart of it on : district gerrymandering and partisan polarization
I don't know why talks to manly hoesssssss
Akinade: copyright and access is part of problem--"the big business of copyright." Costs money to access this stuff--too much!
you should try the Bloody Jack! The bloody mix was made with Jack in mind
My dad said he was getting me a new phone!
yo wtf. not gonna miss me?
Some of the best songs out there haven't even been recorded yet. Another reason to attend live performances.
austin. if i made you a video on youtube and sent you the link.. would you watch it? if you would please follow me! <3 nbd <33
I hope you have a great birthday <333
please stop blaming Obama 4 EVERYTHING....
Wish I was there. I missed you guy's by like 20 days. It is so beautiful there and now that you're there it is a true paradise.
Sounds like it was a good chat! Thanks for keeping us filled in via Twitter.
these peeps are almost better than bacon so
WHATS GOOD WITH YOU LADIES TODAY?
late to the party, but thank you!! very cool.
Im done point period blank , im getting the fuck up out of cobb county .
with you?
How the fuck is a lawn mower $968?? Like WTF!!
i'll drop it off next time i'm near your house
Thank you! Definitely overly-exciting, but I can't wait!
like what? :)
Brittany went around snorting ladybugs and lightning bugs as a kid. Knew it.
no problem! and yes! and i'm so glad you pick New York over California!
you can't make it for a second day,what is up with u and these schedule changes?
If the purpose of #opengov is to get info out there: play nice. If to gadfly: well done, don't change a thing.
WTH!? How does gas go up 33 cents from when I left for work this morning at 4:30???
It post to be hotter tomorrow. Okay...
I'ma take a shower, I'll call you back when I get out. Try to upload the pics!
absolutely! Was just talking to mum about it today, actually. Don't know when yet tho. Are you working up there again?!
He's actually only cute by afar or by surprise.. Haha
You get full access to the site, unlimited downloads for a yr. RT : Hey what's included with your free membership.
that's definitely something I would follow. have a great weekend! :)
. Help get a #VAGOP majority in the Senate with your vote TODAY,
See now that's the kind of positivity we NEED in this dump. Thanks dear, you're the best!
#Happy18thBirthdayJustin I love you!
great film it is
let's go to the dance show!!
I live that show!
that sounds too good but unfortunately I'm not spending any more money lol
Seductive Society has joined Twitter... Stay tuned...
Spurs will do everything Memphis couldn't do
you should get an apology from that was uncalled for
Hi bro)
Taking public transit is not fun when it's cold.
Penny and Bernadette invite Amy to her first slumber party on tonight's Big Bang Theory at 6:30! Watch with us!
sean avery playing his best game of the season tonight.
school books that it
is looking scary
You see the storm clouds coming in? I smell rain:)
just so you know, my wife and I love you for that tweet.
Let's Go Milan!! Vamos Ibra!!!
Just completed a 1.66 mi run with Check it out! rnkpr.com/akr6un
Watching Kevin Na waggle, back off, yell at himself, waggle some more, swing over ball in anger, then stripe one... Strangely entertaining.
I love She keeps it real all the time! No matter who is in the room.
what can social media do for a company?
what's your name boi?!
I have to do some serous math now. Double digit shit. It was nice knowing you.
Reconfiguring the Literary at
New Follower=))
We May Lose Something In Life, But In The End It Gets Better To Realize That We've Gain Something Much Worthy Of...
Let's do it for her! Think we can raise money for their salary? Awesome! Up late tonight huh?
I think it's Friday Chingaso Time™! The hell w/ the piñata stick, where did I put that machete?
Your tweets are pointless. Night, hope everyone has sweet dreams. (:
Oh the irony.
I need more followers tell your friends :)
deadlines are my life!! thankfully i love my life...
Awesome day advocating for the arts in Maryland! Thankful that the governor has recommended level funding for the arts
CANNABIS LIVE IN CONCERT @ Rockstar Richard's Studio tonight @ 8pm. 213 W35th/7th Ave. NY NY Email for tickets .
indeed! Thanks you! <3
but the target in Harlem is way better, completely different company it seems
going off!!!
Today is National Chocolate Milkshake Day, but we prefer to celebrate with a glass of icy SPORTea. Just as tasty and a LOT less calories :)
Like short sleeves i bear arms
what the hell was he thinking, everyone knows what kind of driver you are
I wish I could ignore my insecurities.
i know the feeling! Hang in there + trust, something will make sense soon
haha yeah... mine STILL say that lol
That is corrected. Enjoy your weekend
Change in plan--3 HOT and NEW organizing products to help you every day will now air Friday morning on NBC4 Today!
Let me get this workout started
Want to follow more One Direction accounts. Anyone know any good ones? (:
LatinoFest in Patterson Park this weekend. $5 adults, kids 12 under free. www.latinofest.org
damn, sounds like a solid weekend. who was your favorite?
Redis is ridiculous, there's guide to install but no guide to uninstall.
Deleting every fucking social network!
I see it was an interesting day in AZ land today speaking of which!
An act of God was defined as "something which no reasonable man could have expected.". -A. P. Herbert
Saw this last night and meant to write - well done! I've seen that book - it's a real puzzler! I'm glad they're digging in!
I'm Der I see you
please follow us and send us a DM with your primary domain name so we can take a look at the issue. ^SW
It is a Linkin Park kind of day
Please follow His twats have been nothing but gold and his twatter life has only been a few weeks.
An apple a day keeps the dentist away. Or makes the gums bleed.
Still cheaper than a drunk in public ticket at #mifflin2012, so consider yourself ahead!
I agree with Barkley, this game should help Rose advance his game even more, help his teammates take it over
how's the essay coming??
The classic bob is timeless.
please tell me when your coming to florida?! I got people to buy all the rage! I love you so much! Your my idol<3
There have been so many #Coyotes penalties in this game that I think the Sacramento Kings are now on the power play.
What's your favorite sandwich, could you get your order in under 140 characters?
At the same damn time
Bo! Betty Lou just got the boot. I have a new (to me) car now. No name yet, though.
I HATE MATH SO FUCKING MUCH OH MY GOSH
Believe in your dreams and they may come true; believe in yourself and they will come true.
RT That last post needed a hashtag: #evanstontweetup proposed for 2/26, that's a Thursday. What downtown libation house?
That other Brock is no relation to Alan.
Shooting two SPEC Ads for The Cannes Lions Advertising Festival today! Will you guys see them once completed
Life in general just thinking about this single life I've been living that seems like it's been forever.
wrong-o! 53 w/o trying (or really having a handle on this yet).
Watched part-1 of #Frontline series about the Wall Street Collapse last night. Answers a lot of questions on how this all began.
Having a great #AORN12! Talked to hundreds of nurses on improving processes & storage in the OR. Last day today and ready for more!!
Races this weekend I am thinking yes:) #watchingMyDadWreck again
This chick just got into Spelman & Howard #GoodShit man #proudbestfriend . . .even though I'm mad at her at the moment -_-
you out there all night?
So busy i forgot to tweet, i need to get back on it.
Twins give me the angries.
Had to be Hunter.
The J. Lohr Wine Tasting @ Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar. Wednesday March 25th 6:30pm
Made a whole pot of coffee without putting in the
It's just kinda sad that all of this is hitting me at 4 in the morning like this when I don't have my mommy to talk to about it
Marty likes to party!!!!!
#ThisSummer Is gonna be fuckn amazing
Very possible! The song will have you dreaming about someone:)
Kawasaki 250 today in Mendocino. First time since titanium was installed in my right forearm last year. Felt GREAT. #Gasoline, I love thee.
Foot shoes - WTF? I'm sure there's plenty of Cab drinkers that say that about us lovers of Cru Beaujolais too.
RT : We'll be debuting our new Go Get It video today on starting 6pm! RT!
these genius teens on jeopardy make my life thus far feel like a failure.
Happy Zombie Jesus Day!
Untill the nineteenth century solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia. #tidbits=)
Happy Birthday <3
In three words I can sum up what I have learned about life: It Goes On! ~Robert Frost
Seriously, does anyone really get stuff done during the day?
I love your SMILE always and forever ♥
Hi, I'm interested in collaborating on an upcoming map project using Pinwheel. Please contact me. Thanks!
I'll update the website...Pina Cay-lada. You crack me up!
I am, interesting episode! RT #TrueLife: I'm A Sex Offender starts right now. Who's watching?
Intellectual property laws stand in the way of goals of scientific research, says Jerome Reichman
Just ate and now napping on a full stomach at the studio. Full stomach and music =
I Love you Guys, Stay Mindless ♥ Mwahh !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! <3 if i could id bake you a nutella flavored cake that smelled like canndles<33 (: omg my bby is growing ...
So glad I got to enjoy opening day reply without knowing the outcome. What a game for Cain, Posey, Huff, Cabrera, and others
RT : I was always a fan of when she was Governor, but I REALLY love her now that she's able to say what she wants
Jeff Jarvis...keeping it real. News is not dying.
a million tks ;)
petition circulators tell me they've been asked to turn in all sigs on Action Fund #cabudget measure by Friday. $1.50 per sig
Sending you all #Gratitude #Blessings and #Love!
PR Observation of the day: Go with what you know. Do it well. Then keep doing it.
ya butler, pa and he will leave late August or early sept. and hopefully be back right at Xmas.
I'm so damn hungry.
Thank you for your tweet! We are so glad to hear you enjoyed your stay with us! Come back soon!
I don't know why I feel so nervous right now.
All this talk of yielding and palfreys makes me wonder when someone's going to get beheaded.
Hahaha you do have swag!
COME ON O-LINE!
i'm on the phone with and we can't keep up!!! My head is spinning!!
Imma have a project x type party this summer
N Judah moving a swift 0 miles per hour.
not yet using www.SpellingCity.com but liking it a lot and will share it with others. Thanks!
How do you know where you're going if you don't know where you are - or why you're here?? Find your light, ladies....find it.
I dare you to love me, <3
i hate when I wake up early and cant go back to sleep. Makes me happy....
no offense chris
welcome!! and please, check me out on soundcloud if your into #melodicdubstep and #drumandbass!!
. Thanks for the retweet love. :)
#MeFact : is lik a sis to me n is my INSPIRATION.
with my follow, is up to 11. Crushing you. Yes, Beckett is awesome. His parents are tired.
I'm a Twitter bitch
Saved by the beer garden.
RT : Wow! Best commercial ever! Way to go chipotle and Willie. Support your local grower
. and I had words last night re: Lana Del Ray. We've agreed to disagree, Ron Burgundy-style.
Matter fact just have her call when she headed dis way so I can be lookin out.... My phone next to me
I agree completely... Pitching is definitely NOT the problem..
Paul Ryan says his budget closes "special interest loopholes." Will he say what those are?
I have three. I plan to trade them all in.
I already know lol!! I got you Boo!! I know what you like
I have yet to see a cloud in the sky out here!
follow back?(:
Jimmy's too well dressed to be an Indianapolis housewife!
And she is even happy with cheap one... score two me.
Don't miss our last Poochinis and Peticures of the year Thurs, 10/27 6-8pm! Donations will benefit the new Austin Animal Center....
Brick and mortars need qr codes as you walk in the door to their stores so smart phone users can instantly access their mobile sites or apps
Gave an awesome wise guy 86 year old WWII vet a musuem tour today. "Where are all the bathrooms? Did any old ppl stay here?
My bedroom walls do no have Tumors!
What is all this moon talk about? Reminds me of Moon Pies. m! Those are yummy
Holy inbox! It must be Leap Day!
oh thank jeebus, I didn't want to go back a week earlier
you, sir, were the first to break the Obama news on my Twitter stream.
Reminds me of a Maria Bamford bit about a lady ordering "a cup of steaming hot water . . . with ice."
im here
What's happening at the Harvard libraries??? Massive restructuring and layoffs. Chaos. Follow #hlth for info .
Err.. Xcode. Ha!
Shooting a living poster today with for with a horse in it provided by
:: thx for stopping by today!! See you again soon :)
incredible! I have goosebumps!
Peter -- Let me ask about that. Will get back to you.
Don't let me get in my zone Alright bitch u said 30x. We kno not to let u in ur zone
excited for MIA trip...it seems as though everyone in MIA thinks I a crazy for ordering wine when I could be enjoying an authentic mojito!
PalmBchPowerPartners breakfast starts Mutli-Cultural Marketing w/National Weekly Newspaper. 4047OkeeBlvdSuite128. Come.Get.Grow.Go
I sent my mom a Tupac avatar to sing that song to her. She is so confused right now.
Alan Woods~ Blame someone else and get on with your life.
#WhenIWas13 I was bullied almost daily for being attracted to boys.
I'm baking tonight...
i love atwater! i've been looking for a place out that way, actually. Home on riverside is my go-to brunch place out there, tried it?
Yea just sayin im tawkin bout a boy actually
Taking an MBA is a good decision because an MBA will certifies you as a master in business administration.
Via Chicago
Can some good weather come through and stay?!?!
Oreos and Apple Juice....Y.O.L.O
All svr t-storms warnings now canceled or expired.
Ty Doug for following😃🇺🇸
I miss you baby
.: Nobody asking mayor how much $ being spent to roust protesters. says been asking. Answer sposed 2 b coming.
See what's happening on VAF Page and Group. New stuff!
will have to petition for relief more frequently; may increase the use of discovery referees and thus drive up costs
Q3: Thinking more in terms of ux/product strategy, how can we frame more LBS to not only be fun but "good for business"?
That made my day :D
Q: What's a polar bear? A: It's a rectangular bear after a coordinate transformation.
srsly, shred the chicken off the bones and mix it all together. Maybe add a touch of nutmeg. Sounds delicious!
Trying my damndest to fight off anxiety about tomorrow. Maybe I'm not ready. I'm letting my thoughts go a mile a minute.
thats what I heard
Praying for my mentor, Chad Briscoe. His friend's family, the Kurrles, were in a car accident in Paraguay. The wife and son were killed.
Thanks for the RT and the follow!
Yeah that Unlimited Data is on Hit + Hot Spot .. Yeah if U don't Talk much ... Sprint might just right for ya.. 100
the video cracked me up...unfortunately true
In Herndon for the day for an NVAR meeting.
Don't cook in your undies. It can hurt.
Oh, how sad. Davy Jones died today. It was crazy then.
Crazy my middle name
My hair got wet... are you kidding me.. pissed...
Money from strangers
Decision to defer launch of website for 7-10 days, pending addtl edits, footage and revamp of certain sections. Wait will be worth it! :)
I absolutely love how Zayn always ends his tweets with 'x.' It's too adorable.
Kyle O'Quinn
Wow is this day/week over yet <3
Heading out to Calvary Worship Center in New Port Richey for a super night of Worship!
Oh look. People cheer when overbearing Govt intrusions are overturned.
How do I help kids who have so much be thankful for what they have? Can any of us really appreciate all we have? Giving thanks today/always
Won tickets to the beastie boys screening at the troc tomorrow. Can't go now. What a bummer.
follow back please :)
V.I.P. ENT = Very Improved People Entertainment
Getting ready for the party. c:
I juss saw this article that says Harry likes girls who can pee standing up... CHALLENGE ACCEPTED!
Document every day he's missed!!! That's instruction time gone. Have u addressed w/school how they will make up this time?
Our kitchen is a museum of coffee. Standard brewer, french presses, aeropress, and now a chemex. #WhatNext?
I bought an e-reader. Now I can read Fifty Shades of Grey without judgement from fellow subway riders.
US GOV can not the postal service much less FDA tobacco Health care the red tape nightmare is to disgusting to fathom! I know GOV BS to well
Enjoy half off all bottles of wine at Amber every Monday!
I know #IStayFresh and clean B)
That was a great win!!!
I hope everyone had a fantastic Mother's Day!
Need extra pocket cash? Bring your old gold & platinum pieces into be scrapped! Come in by the 30th & receive a free lunch to Elliotts too!
Mashed potato afternoon at Mammoth! But sweet sailings this morning!!
I switched Siri's voice setting to Australian and now speak to my phone with a terrible Aussie accent. #g'day
#CAPS v #Bruins RT Stay strong #Caps Nation!
Tune in at 4:00 today to 1010am sports radio! Happy Hour with JP Peterson. Great show planned today about increasing your energy.
And I now have Twitter on my mobile. I can tweet from a distance now =D
I was hoping it had a mid-40's slightly-paunchy,coming-off-major-knee-surgery, hates-2-run category. I'm all over it.
To avoid situations in which you might make mistakes may be the biggest mistake of all. McWilliams, Peter
Whats up man? What's your friends twitter handle? I'm going to connect him with my friend to do a collab.
A Fool and his money can throw one heck of a party.
i love you :)
checking in from #atxcouncil, where council members have begun the first of their budget worksessions
That's possible... Both those guys are his friends... I'm just glad he didn't bolt out
hi what are u sloots doing?
Playing this Saturday - a Supper Club with wonderful listening room in downtown LA – Tickets $15 – 8:30pm – 1 set only
You're welcome! So glad it resonated, and thank YOU for helping activate the online discussion.
Happy birthday 🎉
Anybody know how to find limits?
Yup, I'm Matrixing.
Go austine never give up!!
Instead of calling a method on it directly, the DOM makes you make an element's parent remove it from the document and it's making me sad.
#RIT_BrickCity weekend schedule coming soon!
My share for the day: Stand in your Truth. It will strengthen your character... Have a great day on purpose.
no hatred just saying that Kentucky is gay and you wear their clothes.
That's why i don't understand why or how anyone can be pissed at Jagr, so it was a rival team! who gives a fuck?
I did
Its gonna be pretty hard for another sunday to be as depressing as this one
Reading "The Greatest Miracle in the World" by OG Mandino--
Oh lord... what the hell were we thinking....
that was the pic i took, for your icon :)
I like a girl, she loves me as a friend and hanging out with me but the question is, does she LIKE me? RT for answers please.
Just finished my 50th batch of indexing - yeah!
thanks for all the RTs and shoutouts!!
Some exciting news about a windowspace... Think you can guess what it is before we spill the beans tomorrow?
He still thinks you are together?
Great game today, wasn't it! The Yankee/BoSox rivalry is the best. My condolences to :D
Transformers Car Club in process! :)
True story! Happening now!
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
Finally done with Finals, the stress and headaches can now be put on hold for the next 10 days.. Spring break here I come.
never doing a 6am flight again
Should #CV have a spay-neuter law? Come to a public mtg Sat Oct 29 (tomorrow) at 9 am @ City Hall, in conference room in lobby. 276 4th Ave.
I'm drawing something for
IF YOU'RE INTERESTED IN BEING IN Javier Covarrubias COMPANY'S CALENDER, CONTACT HIM FOR MORE INFO
You Mess With My Love Punch Her Ya Buncha Hoes Go Home.
Thanks new followers!
The Livingstone Spectral Imaging Project took some decaying pieces of newspaper & used digital imaging to reveal a faded handwritten diary
I'll tell you in 3rd
This has been one of the best #MadMen episodes in awhile... I had Lane too!
Could be. Or just sticking with general mythologies like they do with the Latin and demons. As long as its in the ballpark
Don't mean to be too insensitive, but think I have more teeth than all the people in the Denny's I just ate at had combined.
<---SHE LIKE TO TURN ON THE LIGHTS B4 SHE RIDE THAT _____
Supermoon In LA: Best Places To See The Giant Full Moon (PHOTOS) - Huffington Post
bout time
No where near enough hours in the day to #read!
yes, you? Let's do this
FDA- & ADA-approved Safe and effective at home whitening systems
Who wants to take me to their prom?
Don't we have an anniversary every time we go to Atlantic City?
use the coupon on my facebook and shop online!
We will be playing sound upon request -- just ask for the MOD
Looking for a great show tonight in #Tampa? Go to and see The Leonard Brothers LIVE from 7-11 pm!!
Distance is not measured in miles but in affection. Two people can be right next to each other yet miles apart
We can't wait 4U to meet from Rupaul's Drag Race at our event SD! www.exhibitambush.com
why don't you go to sleep?
It's #BikeToWorkWeek. Are you braving the traffic on your bike?
UK One Direction > US One Direction. ❤
Hey Lindsey! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
glad you made made it!
I LOVED most of the latest "attack ad" against Obama from the #GOP. It actually made him look GOOD by looking COOL!
TPD talked him down.... more on 10connects.com
Your tour says uploading an iPhoto library is possible. Is the same true for an Aperture library?
now I no family can't hld water but that's OK cause wat goes around comes around I'm cuting family members off starting tonight
Seoul Foreign, Yongsan win soccer crowns
I now have $70 saved for when Greyson tours the US!
While none of our contributing inmates wrote of using water bags, we endorse water filled buckets as dumbbells!
RT : A4: Their local Emerging Arts Leaders network (for SF its ) & conferences
i can judge u cuz i feel like it
DC: Cast your vote for GRAY (mayor) and BROWN (council chair), I did! DO THE RIGHT THING!!
Into The Wild..can it be that easy?
Hey #12ntc friends where you getting dinner?
It's official! 900 people "like" our Facebook page! Spread the good news about CRJ and encourage your friends and family to "like" our page!
In returning and rest you shall be saved; in quietness and in confidence shall be your strength. Is 30:15 via RT
Yahoo eating sloppy joes in drinking beer How did you get any better than this
Awesome! Congrats! Let's meet and talk soon!
Somebody need ta
ur not the only one missing AMC!!
Ha! I should have known.
Headed to tomorrow to pick up their Tangerine Tango polish!
Artists, are you connecting with your fan base? #what are you waiting for
lol i finished
Cheer tomorrow, then work, then out to dinner with the other owner of this account, kenzie. :)
Great meal at the Rathskellar tonight. Everyone in the group is happy. Now we are all sleepy...
hahaaaa you loved that
librarians who have MLS + another degree-what is it? pondering what avenue to travel next...
What are your favorite Biographies and Documentaries by or about performing artists?
Here's looking forward to the weekend! #HelloFriday. It took you too many days to get here!!” I whole-heartedly agree "
I've been thinking the same thing every time I see a subway ad.
Having a blind dog means never rearranging the furniture just for the hell of it.
hahaha let's try it at least once.
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that's all."
haha yeah i heard.. hell no. lmao
Had a great time @ The & Zo Show. I still feel the Novation.. Dope.
no, I agree. More pressure when there's a history of winning vs not. Understandable with those guys.
I really hate the twitter over capacity.
You can always split up the WFR by taking a WAFA and then a Bridge within three years. 4 days each, less expensive.
Just because you say #nohomo does not make it not gay.
How do you find out if someone you know is a Brony without sounding rude?
Food truck season is in full swing!
It's almost lunch time, think Ruth's!
religion (and lack of) and gay rights. ^5!
Would love to have some reviews for my first novel. If anyone wants a free read check out my blog or tweet me. It doesn't suck!
Happy Saturday... what's everyone up to this rainy day? www.worldchampionfans.com Banner Day is soon approaching
How will you be getting outside this weekend? Let us know if you need a place to #volunteer!
oh yea! those are def good ones to get ya motivated!!
God Has A Plan For Me! Scholarships Applications Due March 11 for CANADA show and March 29 at Los Angeles City College. All performing art…
#FF ONLY IF YOU ARE A FUN PERSON! Everyone else can just stay bored :)
Hooray! Hooray!
im going to CANADA today!!! its a 10 hr drive to Quebec though...LEGGO
Perfect two being stuck in my head >>>>
I've seen fire and I've seen rain, but I've never seen a friendship die so fast over Twitter.
After our 4 weeks off OPM hits the stage again this Saturday in Columbus. I think I remember the songs. We even wrote a couple of new ones
A #Mariners lineup has no holes - for an ever expanding abyss will never fissure.
#lessambitiousbooks War and Treaty
Come on Florida, we need some better defense.
#Worldshare as an innovation platform. Where have I have heard this before?
The Annual Red Lion Run Car Show will take place this year on Sunday, July 15th at Anderson Park in Wheat Ridge
Man I'm passing out. Good night lovers
A painting in a museum hears more ridiculous opinions than anything else in the world.- Edmond de Goncourt
WOW! How dumb are we? What's wrong with people and their #AWFUL English on #Twitter? Do they realize how unintelligent they sound?
A great Kentucky Council on Archives mtg today in Louisville today
: for once Mr. Trump and I agree.
those people who can come into your life and make a difference i'm glad i can call my friend!!! <3
When people wake you up to ask you if your sleeping <<<<
I need to promote the hell out of this instrumental album dropping late this summer.
Bo is still da mann! I am on his board for his foundation-he has BIG things goin on! His indoor dome, helping many kids, etc
I need more followers. If you are interested in Autism, tutoring Autism, teaching & counseling - follow me!!
Sorry Gentlemen... I think has you beaten on both fronts! ;-)
by example, instead of telling them what to do we act like sharing is the thing to do empathy is also a great way to for us to teach
“: #ThingsBlackFolkLove Wearing chains. This love dates back to 1500's.”
I go to bars and order chocolate milk, and when people call me a bitch I tell them it's a White Russian and it's getting me super drunk.
I have yet to make a shawl! I better get on that! THanks! :D
"A smooth sea never made a skilled mariner."
I couldn't dl the image on my DROID.
true love never dies babygirl ;)
yes I'm hoping I can get there this weekend!
A birthday sign,cupcake,andd a card for my boiiifrannn I'm so sweet;)
Dennys rite quick.
Hope you enjoyed the show :)
thanks, the video should be ready soon!
It's best I go to sleep before I say something I regret
You may have taken away my Facebook..But you can't take away My Freedom(or my Twitter!;)..
Rivet I mean Regher may have just ended the season.
thanks for sharing, Sima! We appreciate the recommendation
“Wherever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision.”
Rise and shine
Yeah ya did! LOL
definitely feel like I can wait to be virtually taxed on my virtual sales
Using this laptop in the sun is like playing an original Game Boy Advance anywhere else.
flawless musical
Ooh no... Ohio State is a good guess... It's the University of Miami!
Tension filled the room and filled/exposed surfaces with hollow objects: they piled higher/than your synthetic heart.
awww you was a cutie pie
follow back?
Tonight is the biggest bar night of the year! Perfect reason to DL the #Bartab #app and save some money while getting your drink on tonight!
bothering the little Chinese boy
It's raining really hard and I'm gonna die. Omg. Gonna die. Help.Me. #help #TexasWeather #wtf #mybabykittyisoutsideallbyhumself :(
U trippy mane?
Thanks promise RT : S/O to one of my favorite producers and close friend Happy Birthday!!!!
Right when I though someone liked me... He doesn't why would he who ever does NEVER!! I'm done
Thanks to the for the follow!!! Great Food by the way!
Modern Love makes everything better.
I'm a one woman type of girl. I've grown and matured and running through random females is not me. Ready to settle bak down!
Hey I'm staying outside NYC for a few more weeks. If you're around, would be great to grab coffee & meet in person.
That man is funny
how's family day?
Supporting troops through the direct action of providing a job opportunities is noble. Please help recommend PurplePlacement.com to friends.
so cute! A friend of mine is starting a non-profit animal transport organization. Exciting to help animals!
no actually it was you. Funny story
unexpected appearance by #petergabriel in my pandora radio feed. the afternoon improves dramatically
Vegan & Vege Game Prog: #IHaveAnIdea! How bout a 'Reality' game of working @ a factory farm or Become the fastest slaughterhse worker! 31512
Nice! Next on the agenda: setting the date RT : can't commit, but would like to stay in the loop.
Obama touts tough stance on illegal #immigration, calls for immigration reform.
That awkward moment where you are standing by your crush and the hallway gets filled with kids and you guys have to stand even closer.....
its cold in my house.
Who's the lovely lady in the old photo on your background?
Today feel like it should be Thursday!
I text you later
Haha I'm taller then you :) Finally I don't feel so small for once
Oh a new voting thingy? Whatever. Bet gemany isnt in it.
It is certainly predictive of political alliances. Time to operationalize the Arthashastra in RDF?
Hanging out with family and friends.....saki bombs and laughs...
#California wildlife officers are thrilled: Oregon's celebrity #wolf is drifting toward their state--a first since 1924.
We need body rockin not perfection
I heard that survival is awesome..but the rest is whatever...
#jackiechan isn't dead. stop being ridiculous ya'll.
I am what u got
Come see me this weekend!!!
My nephew told me to fart on the fire
Now following
Feeling like complete crap but I guess I've got to make the best of it.
Gee, wonder where I can go on Sunday to escape all the #SuperBowl hoopla? Really-I couldn't care less.
How terrible it is to love something that death can touch
your a guy.. you don't have boobs.
then you will be in for a treat this summer! Lol.
Government information is of use to people and the reverse is true - paraphrasing Malamud at
Once upon a time your mother was a whore...then you were born. The end.
Can we make that image the icon for the Stand-Up skype chat?
we're missing you! We brought tomato juice especially for you...
did ya ever ponder...WHAT'S NEXT FOR ME? I am pondering...right now!
Overheard at dogs against Romney: "what did Romney say about dogs?!?"
Also. RT : I might also say - it takes courage to care, and it's worth it.
ahww, thank you!
Wait, what happened?
feel the same way today
LOVE IT. Really, really cool. Totally different POV.
my hips are so stretched right now. dang
Can anyone tell me if Aaliyah was in the video u don't have to call by usher? cause' in the video there was someone looked like her.
our wedding rings / engagement rings – dscf9049
In class with
Morning cardio...check! Barre at tonight with
RT Got Some Exclusive Acapellas. Need You On Here Famalamski !
play in both formats yearly, guess I'd say serpentine by a nose
Lucky By Jason Mraz !
things have picked up!! we are officially in partnership with THE RIVERKINGS!!!!! Come ROCK with us!!!! www.radio-memphis.com
Its amazing how this issue has to even be enforced. What's going on in the world we live in?
There goes our 162-0 season!!!!
I love that people tweet links to so many things...I love chatting, but I learn so much from sites shared. I don't think of it as spam.
I WANT IN!!
fight was gone in first half“: Gabbert's still fighting. Just connected on a 16yd score to Chastin West to make it 41-14. #TGIT”
Lovin the Grind Respecting the Game and Playing the team game... #Inner Fire is Burning
For film bloggers going to Cannes, please watch Sergio Leone's restored masterpiece "Once Upon A Time In America."
what up bro!!!
OMG you can follow me beautiful i love you♥
gotta expect less i think though. with White and Gordon, they're gonna do best to rotate them all
okay cool ill check you guys out
Rock chalk Jayhawks!!!
hopefully next Tuesday I'll be there!!!
I don't like the color of my Toms
Tattoos > Muscles
Just saw a storefront sign: Guns - Signs - Scuba. #stayclassy Florida!
can't wait to see what weekend the Chargers are gunna whoop that Steeler rear end!!!
Greetings from Natural Balance, Brooklyn NY. Hope everyone had a terrific holiday weekend...healing begins at home!
More passes for 212 in a lil bit... Stay tuned!
Don't know if I will be able to sleep after witnessing Ailey Co. Staging of Naharin's Minus 16. Playing with barriers
word. you learn to pick better shots, and find photographable moments in daily life. definitely worth it!
Cool stuff, and then again, always writes cool stuff.
So fun! We especially love the cassette tape!
baby u alright u was doing good I swear u an my bm are # 2 of the same kind
I love what is up to. Go buy some merch and wear quality Cleveland threads.
Sidenote: the 8-bit episode of Community from last night is wonderful.
Isn't that EVERY day on Twitter? No? Maybe I need bring some new talent into my feed...
They got better for a while, then they turned into crap again.
I usually skip them if I get to frustrated and come back to them... If I ever do lol
So this is how I don't love you feels like #RedLight <3
I've been waiting for a response to email for 12 days (Help Request #:15132-763454). Is that a normal wait time for you?
- Check out the upcoming events through @ www.homelessfund.org/events. There are some great #networking opportunities!
Buckeyes in the final 4 baby!!!
Not feeling the holiday vibe in Taiwan...
Follows me?? I feel so honored! Equal rights for ALL!!!
Now I understand why the Giants will win. RT : "do a little record shopping before the game" -- Tom Coughlin
I would call it soft rock, they are on iTunes..
Hey #CHASE bank -- I need to talk w someone re #shortsale. Your people are dropping the ball and I need answers now.
can we send you a story? our event tomorrow is in Portland. The race relations are bad and the Senator is addressing issues
like a couple of drunk idiots.
Ive seen it plently of times-others will throw u under the bus to cover their own ass....
Spend a lot of time talking to customers face to face. You'd be amazed what number of companies do not listen to their customers.
RIP one of he greatest music artists ever to live
go to mcfaddens they got a ton of road beef good game tonight
Get it from your mustache in glue it to your edges bitch!
Do you get that I don't watch TV programs, just the commercials?
RT ": I wish I was photogenic #weirdlookingguyproblems" Don't you mean
New York City is looking forward to your arrival!
sounds like another cookbook is in order...BTW your beer/clamato drink rocks!
Cover contest details have been posted. Who's gonna win?
Contact me!
...and WE can't wait until works her magic here at the April 5th Women in Media event!
yikes. thank you.
you're full of it
don't get the taste slapped out ya mouth
no I m pretty sure they are and I saw it on Deadliest Warrior
please follow me!<3
DcAssault 15s + 16s win big shots tournament at capitol sports complex
So love watching Larry Bird getting one more shot for a ring, even if it's as an exec
#TebowGotTradedFor a commemorative Obama t-shirt and a gift card to Best Buy.
Busy days full of driving sometimes it's nice to kick back and
Yes but too many variables (technique, indication, prp concentration, #&freq of tx, etc) to make valid conclusions as of yet.
switch. Or dual flush. Either way prefer on front, not top.
Thanks for the tip re - following him now!
little harsh.... We were over capacity tonight just couldn't let anybody in until the place cleared out a little.
God already said you can... STEP OFF THE BOAT... Your heart tells you who you were born to be... STEP OFF THE BOAT... Continued next tweet
I think with the way he's dancing, everyone knows
8/13/2010 Book Review: Marketing Lessons from the Grateful Dead blogcritics
Happy birthday to the GRAND man See you soon in life buddy ;)
Well this is taking longer than I thought it would...
Pageant practice!
I want a girl that's Puerto Rican and black that is so sexy
agree, but it's funny that someone who quit midterm has so much advice for everyone else.
Show at Lilly's tonight! We'd love to see you there!!
Hopefully Gus will call Dyer-Cat ever 3rd (or 4th) and short...because we've seen how successful that is.
dont act like it doesnt get to you.
Venue confirmed the Theater in #Station North #Baltimore, a great spot has all we need (check!)
it tasted like someone forced a bacon cocktail.
next year, we're turning our room into a pillow/blanket fort.
Beautiful post, Stacy!
RT : Johnson’s Baby Powder is a great base for mascara Add some to ur lashes before applying mascara volume & thickness
In fashion? Why do you ask?
“: it ain't yo birthday, stop bullshittin. And if you ain't done then call the nigga back! Shit” <<COSIGNED.
First Collab tonight at 7. First project is to help tilted torch with costumes for Illuminopolis burlesque show.
Also this Fri we will be screening 'The PHD Movie!' We have received calls & emails from people driving in from ID, WA & CA.
is that the only reason you dislike? Why not create a folder in Skydrive & drop the files in bulk? (Time-consuming, I know)
" she's a hoe? ; yes; but dat her business!"
Rangers-Caps... I'm rooting for the ice to melt and swallow both teams whole.
Q1) There are so many social media "tools" out there and I've heard of Viralheat... but what is it?
Blunt, Collins, Scott Brown, Heller all undecided on voting with Sen Dems to attach Senate-passed disaster bill to CR. All voted 4 Thurs.
Standardized patient work = fun.
Oh how I've missed you...
let's talk anytime man, thanks for the kinds words:)
is like a rock star.
I love being single, you can have fun! But I do miss it.. The cuddles!:(
A veces escuchar a me pone sentimental.
yeah are you one of those people who has now riden a camel, but never a horse?
you know i'm stressed when something stupid pisses me off and makes me cry
Annual symposium is less than a week away! A Sense of Place: Arab World DIasporas and Migrations March 21 & 22 details here:...
Pushed the "FULL THROTTLE" album back to the Spring 2012. Still working on shooting a video for my latest single "I Wish". Itunes, Youtube.
Is it weird that I am sitting here wondering what's going on on Bourbon Street?
Isn't the N7 armor and Ultros opponent DLC already supposed to out? It's not up on XBL marketplace yet. Thanks in advance!
it's over -Sabrina Your over!!!!!!!!- Mrs.Galvan
From our collection MT : 2012 Weather Vanes stamps available 1/20 in POs across U.S. Such beautiful folk art!
Ppl be on other shit these days forreal tho
let me know when you're in town (aka midtown or downtown), maybe we can do lunch tomorrow or late dinner?
Oh lol that's my shit
ask about that football I just threw him. Sign me up for #NFL.These new meds got me out here like MVick meets IronMan.
I should say "redesign."
seen it before too.... they got one for Miami Mamas to.
Um bruh...I don't think that's the sample the NFL is looking for. I'm just saying.
I think you have been hacked
Follow the Anderson-Abruzzo Balloon Museum Foundation, & get a membership! Great perks for a great deal!
Hunger Games at midnight tonight, I'm so excited! 👍
"Lady Gaga has no fans." Uhm sorry, I can't hear you over the 70+ MILLION Little Monsters screaming around the planet.
National Drowning Prevention Alliance- "Drowning prevention through education"- AMAZING
Baseball game
“: The Everything Cookie is decadent. Perfect mix of salt and sweet with potato chips and popcorn. Heated too.”
We couldn't hear you guys at all. D:
baby boy you stay on my mind, you fulfill my fantasies. i think about you all the time, i see you in my dreams.
Good morning from Ft. Worth.. Rain and overcast but it's Friday so we have that working in our favor. Yesterday is gone so live for today.
Rt of bulls going in
It just took 43 dollars to fill my tank up. Omg. Gas prices, Y U SO HIGH?!
Maybe You Could Call In Sick .
#FF These self-sufficient folks are no #Julia's...
Totally agree with the subway conductor this morning on the #G #train: "Happy #Friday everyone!"
69% of people find something dirty in every sentence
I think, what has this day brought me, and what have I given it? -Henry Moore
I never tweet anymore! I would delete this account but the crew follows me, so HECK NO! :)
Yep! RT Awesome tweeting people!
Happy Mother's day to all the Mommies! And guys, remember, anything 'As Seen On TV' is not a great gift idea. Unless it's a 'forever lazy'.
he was up and ready by the time we just woke up
Health is Wealth.So take proper care of your health specially skin.
Carpe Diem indeed! Way to tough it out Look forward to following your progress on your current Everest climb...
Today, one of those days the universe reminds me I did the right thing.
you're killing me! My flight on the way to Chicago was cancelled, and my flight back to Minneapolis was delayed two hours. What's up?
i freaking love the picture of you and Haley :") ♥
Seriously, that was probably the best Laker win in two seasons that I can recall.
Social media monitoring tools help you listen, measure, engage and discover what’s happening with your brand online.
toast is for closers.
CANT STOP
Musica de Fiesta
Cant go to sleep >_<
Why are people dogging on Obama for doing a slow jam on jimmy fallon? Fucking grow up people! He's human too.
As one who has seen all of her TV movies, I don't think she will have the opportunity to bring the drama in this.
Support your local law enforcement. "Justice is incidental to law and order."--J. Edgar Hoover
Walking to Stop & Shop with a sprained ankle probably isn't the best idea but #fuckit I need food! Haha
breathing air
whats stopping her if she did?? Listen I'm off this, Im not going thru this with u and she not even responding
In love with your music!!!! keep it up :)
We are planting beans, but only over by the trellises. We have several really big raised beds and can't put beans in all...
Thanks to everyone for a successful spring book sale! Thanks to our Friends, our volunteers, and to ALL who came out!
It's funny because a lot of people thought we were crazy for getting married on that day :) your mom's anniversary too?
Gm 😘 work flow I gotta get use to waking up at 6:00 😁😖
I want frozen yogurt 😔.
watching movies with my love.......
just hired Jack Del Rio as their new defensive coordinator. I was partial to Richard Smith though :(
that's not gonna be awkward
i miss talking to you to sis !! its been so long
Hi Congrats on the pending launch of your new concept.
#ndpl "collaboration is the engine that drives change" meg bellinger
Our PHP framework uses a lot of static calls. I have trouble reconciling how I write Unit Tests in other langs with this.
we are going to listen to one song and one song only...
because it's so awful that everybody turns it after watching the first 3 awesome shows...
I been going to for almost a month and it's Fkn dope! Countless of badasses in there.. UFC 146 is debut!
There's a King in the building.
oh god i wish i was in fl lolol
Thanks so much, Mike!
feel so right
My pleasure. Thanks for the follow back! :)
same here :) love disick! “: all 's tweets make me laugh!”
"All I’m trying to do is survive and make good out of the dirty, nasty, unbelievable lifestyle that they gave me."
omg me neither! Cold minds think alike...
My dad just said he's gonna fill a water gun with bleach and gasoline and spray in the neighbor's dog's mouth lmfaoooooooo
That's exceptionally vague and also worrisome. Are you okay? :/
I was never with that "YOLO" movement...
you are very welcome! Happy Travels :)
Well , Goodnight Twitter <3
Me, too! But I'm glad we had Internet for the majority of the week. At least I could keep up with FB and Twitter!
Wish I was in Reno. Have fun everyone.
: when are you guys coming to cincinnati?
We will try! Lots to do! Luckily, it's a show free weekend. Hope you have a great one too.
Have a wonderful day! Let Forever begin!
do you work?
"I'll let the static put me to sleep."
Was it just for Beth's mic or also Kyle's?
that place is badass! I've only had the pizza
Speaking of smiles: YOU'RE SMILE IS BEAUTIFUL<3
G.morning tweeter
Power was out all night. I'm back online now.
yo what happen?
Delayed, SEA --> SFO though feeling very zenith about it.
The secret of dealing successfully with a child is not to be its parent.
Writing tip of the day: use a consistent sentence structure for ALL bullet points in a list.
Speaking today on the Mind Behind White Collar Crime at UT Dallas Naveen Jindal School of Management’s 7th annual Fraud Summit. Go Crowe!
Thanks to Sisero, Dimension Cuatro, Conciencia Total and Insignia hds for adding a lil flavor to the Beer Co stage!
Had a dream last night with John Mayer. He told me he "wears condoms 24/7, cuz you just gotta be ready, man."
glad you had a good time, we loved having you!
Founders Award recipient David Johnson understands the meaning of giving people dignity. Thanks David.
Bacon and Marv brings the world together
Cool! Yeah, definitely do that, North Carolina. NOT.
Hush Lol i Kno U Love Me (Justin Bieber Voice)
Ever since playing Chekhov's Irina, May 5th always feels a little like my birthday. (Name Day. Birthday. Same difference...)
Keeping close eye on phone after sticky fingers kid of mine buggered it up.
Thank you Ashley!
im so nervous about what my final grades will be
RT : Lewis had prior [engagements] & couldn't wait. Many thought we should hear him but he wasn't singled out
I made my appointment to get my tattoo done!! cant wait til april!
I'm not good at explaining things -.-
good night every one on twitter i am going to bad i dont feel good today bro on mother day bro well bye
what time are we going to start mocki... Er, drinking beer. 630?
When you're ready just say you're ready.
neither both blow budget.
They're playing a prom tonight and it would honestly mean the world if we could get #TSPARMY popular c: tweet it up guys!
RESPECT THE NEXT MAN'S/WOMAN'S GRIND
#youdeservetobesingle when your bf says: "i'm gonna be back by 10:00 a'right? imma go cheat on you, brb..."
Good Morning...thank god today is Friday because I cant handle another day of school :/
It feels like the entire Bengals defense consists of former Cowboys players. What's up with this ?
High dose Vitamin C has been clinically proven to enhance your natural collagen production! 1500mg daily"
: Don't mind if I do cuz you da best!<3
I probably didnt get it right, I checked all the videos so I hope I did im just not sure about the second one:)
What to do?? Get the iPhone 4 or 4S....tough choice.
cant wait to see John Mark McMillan tomorrow at
Ikr means I know right lol (:
Home from class. Got my guinea pigs settled n their new home! 💓🐹🐹💓
lol y u ask that?
Haha you know it:)
Is is more impt to protect against outirght fraud like this, or lazy reporting (view-from-nowhere, PR as news, etc)?
you joined the air force?
I guess he's counting on the GOP turning on Romney in the end like a rabid dog.. Ron Paul said he wouldn't have voted for the civil rights
Also i see you are a horror fan. SO am I...
I know who I am And know What I want. My confidence was Shot but now I'm ok So To Speak... Just wish I could Find that good Love...
Art Fact- Art has surpassed all others on the stock market over the last 20 years.
I got it
6am and still wide awake blasting , , songs my 3 favorite men with talent :)
Hello! Hope u have a chance to check out & dig u some Secret Skwirl. Best & success.
This May edition of is one of the best overall with tips and tricks to make it happen for summer! Thanks self!
Thanks for sharing.
Listen to Frightened Rabbit They are pretty awesome.
Sounds like you have a great boss! Which restaurant did you go to on Friday?
I love them!!!!
oh sweet! thanks, grazie :)
i said i was gonna just get it for you nd its only $10 so chill
#ComplimentSomeoneOfTheOppositeSexDay to all my friends that are boys I love you (friend way) and you guys are great (:
Hey think you were hacked..got dubious DM..
me too, let's explore ASAP.
i like it shaken and stired all at once<3
Custom Build: Samurai Blue DragonRacer | Mega Bloks Blog
Mama was right. The older I get, the faster time flies. Even with an extra day of February it seems unreal that March is almost here!
That seems somewhat odd??? Are they the only one w/an offer on the table to Walker? A real offer?
Miss USA 2012 to be held on June 3 but it is still not confirmed that it'll be in Miami. #missusa 2012
Back still stiff and achy, but I can stand up straight so I'm going with it and am back at the office.
shopping when hungry is definitely a huge problem of mine haha
Damn that shit was sour fav lOl RT“: I Gots a dumb behind cousin y'all ! ”
Just finished working out and I am a stanky mutha...shut yo mouf
Nothing says Crazy Cat Lady like using your Cuisinart to make tuna & cat food puree....FOR THE CATS...a friend I know does this...honest!
what is this from or for?
What do you know about the future of NXT?
"LOL, you actually BUY music? Hahahahahahaha"
I do not remember that text mi RT : yea mih sure. U was there smiling at me tf? Lmfaooo. ...
#CelebrityApprentice tonight is featuring that new #nasa inspired hair dryer. As well as a big boss from Elle Magazine.
Is anyone else getting a lot of spam DM's?
search terms bringing people to my site: in the past time people played with lego; peasants in Game of Thrones; cherokee plantation owners
Chalmers is so retarded to me sometimes but that's my dude
hi :D could you give me any acting tips for an upcoming actor? <3 your dancing!!
was super excited about you on Instagram for a sec there. But Trillium Brewing coming together is good consolation prize.
My mom said if she ever gets a tattoo, it'll be of a sprig of cilantro. She also wants to bathe in a tub full of cilantro.
YESS WHEN IS IT COMING OUT? #cantwait RT “: Dave said Say Something is even better than 11:11. omg, I NEED TO HEAR IT NOW.”
Damn !!!! Last time our hillbilly friends in Pittsburgh suffered such devastating losses "back 2 back" is when both Sunnys Surplus closed
Huh? “: Harbs said it was a "foregone conclusion" that Cam would say on as O-coordinator."
Didn't Lou catch for Carmona last year?
London Overgound FTW!
I've gotta win the lottery ASAP this work shits getting old real fast!
Follow Me Back??:)
I,m having fun on my Ibanez BTB 6 de-tuned 1 whole step,It truly is a great instrument.If you NEED a 6 this is it! And you won,t go BROKE!
This was intentional. Did you come see the show? It's a spoof of many Hitchcock films.
BREAKING NEWS: victim of NoPo gang shooting dies from injuries. This morning on
Commission on Sustainability meeting:one week from today. Join Us! Oct. 25th 4-6 pm, 417 E. Fayette St. 8th Fl. Red Line update on agenda.
RT : RT: #VERGECon says that by 2020 we will have 50 Billion connected devices! ... 7 for every person!
Thanks for following #redblackblonde We are going to release the sequels as comics. First they go to Mexico, then Hell!!!
off for brisket and knish
Had an okay day nothing special now I'm sleepy
Congrats! RT We are opening for The Like and The Sounds July 3rd in Hyde Park. :)
MorganStanley wealth manager will not face felony chrgs for hit & run because Col. prosecutors don't want him to lose his job.| Bastards!
oh my...I really feel for u girl..your situation sounds a lot worse than mine ever was and to me mine was bad enough!!!!.....
After a great opening, we are back for night two of "Wolf". Will you be there?
I'm so happy for the Rangers but feel for Joel Ward. Disgusted that there are more racist tweets directed at him too
Thanks for hosting us this morning. We're invested in knowing more about homelessness in #RVA to end it.
LINK YOU TO VID IN A FEW MINS. KICKIN UP DUST, MAKING A FUSS.
I try to create sympathy for my characters, then turn the monsters loose.
I'm gonna take it easy.
Damn right! Great times! Did either of you do more PBL after that?
uh for eternity!
Let's play "tomorrow's headline". I'll start: PREZ IN GAY FLIP FLOP FLAP
For some reason I've taken the Instagram plunge. We'll see how long that lasts. Now, who to follow...
nelson cruz is unreal
I'm sitting next to your twin at the airport and trying to snag a pic but I'm way too close and obvious :/ awkward!
u cant stop its ur destiny
Dally is the best friend in the whole world and I love her so so so so so much. This is SO not Dally either, heh...
A free book to those abroad. Historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun. www.Smashwords.com code DZ72J . Enjoy
Watching 17 again
So happy to be with my Vicente right now :)
part of the reason I bowed out gracefully. Me and tornadoes don't mix.
The fact that you're mine.
my phone has been tripping soo much since i left
#Love conquers all things. Never #judge a person because of their #sin. The love of #Christ saved us from our sin. Share God's love
Seriously, Pandora? Coldplay's The Scientist? Okay, I will go get my black hair dye.
I had pizza for lunch, too! Not for dinner though... I hope...
Redeeming himself, one tweet at a time. You're not out of the danger zone yet.
for sure
The world is changing very swiftly. Big will not beat small anymore. It'll be the fast defeating the slow.
Good morning hun!! hope your having a fantastic one so far :)
Oh, poor puppy. Those kinds of injuries take so long to heal on a human. Hope it is speedier for a dog.
I'm so stressed out....
El Piolin Be Talking Abt Demons , El Diablo & Possessions In Thee AM
Bryan Kortis says about 10,000 free-roaming cats are trapped-neutered-returned in New York City annually.
I was just thinking that the other day! Luckily, I can only draw stick figure animals so really not my style.
check me out at Thepropertylover.com
Hip hurts</3
Ew. School tomorrow
I wish it was Sunday...
she is the sweetest person
well good thing I moved from there lol !
Excellent! We hope to see you again this year! // Way ahead of you. Last year you were my #gencon lunch every day!
You can't fix what's been broken. Even if you try to glue it back, the pieces that make it whole, will never be the same.
Class of 2017 .
Check out Fan Page Promote
Movie recommendation is Samuel L Jackson in "Jungle Fever"
Cant believe that was the first person I see when I'm back home
Some people need to be on beyond scared straight.
Can I get a "Happy Birthday Kimberly" and follow me? (: 😒
You deserve a cookie!:D ": Woohoo I did my geometry homework all by myself this time! :D"
Hungry for a new #AssociatedPressStyleBook. Mine's from 2006. The latest available 2011.
Having smart and productive thoughts. :)
Deep End and Hot Shot recorded here in Memphis at The Noise Factory and Mixed by Chuck Alkazian(Elton John, 50 cent) www.keylessmusic.com
Holy cow, you'd think it was me getting my PhD. Lordy lordy.
Time to get out of Afghanistan. Save our billions of $$ & spend them here at home to help our own citizens especially our seniors & homeless
you went to Pump Room without me and Mike? So disappointed...
How's business today? What are you doing that is successful? What are your challenges?
I find I'm a much more effective brainstormer in the middle of the night. I always keep a notepad on my bedside table.
oh I'm currently sleeping as well Hannah hunter.
What a great super bowl!!!
I will always love and support
here for a meeting. Will you be in the arts district tomorrow at 11?
Happy 5th Birthday !
my thoughts and prayers are with you in these difficult times.
I love you, Padova. my home away from home.
When deeds speak, words are nothing.
nuh uh. I swear.
Out of the desert and into Luxor on and trip.
Gotta be at this orientation at 8... Been up since 8 this morning... This has to be a sin...
This coffee...just isn't doing the job :/
sounds gay
you coming home???
lol nigga tomorrow is my last day in that class. You late af.
earning even more respect for #ethnohistorians tonight. Writing Native American history with documents written by white guys is HARD.
Nothing fancy. Lol just regular clothe. I didn't even straighten my hair. (: I look #hawt lol
just checking in for the day
I thought they were rolling this out, we still mostly use ustream.
i hate the new twitter.
Is saganaki (fried cheese) StraightEdge? It has a little bit of alcohol BEFORE they fry it. The alcohol evaporates>>StraightEdge?
I think your full name has to be on all official documents and cards so it might be in very small type on licenses. :)
Just silly. Kids no doubt
More like
nice chatting with you erin :)
"backup your information three ways" Paperless Agent Seminar
RT HAPPY MOTHERS DAY BRITTANY. I'M PROUD OF U// aww thank u! That means alot!!
And I am just praying for you in general! :)
''Die Young" video does touch you if you've dealt with bullying. True message man.
I'm definitely a Bob Marley fan, but over the years not so much... he's only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to Jamaican
"nothing to do" means you've already masturbated a few times obvs.
Take a shot for me.
lol lol that makes me laugh every time
On tinychat with and and a bunch of others so funny... So much fun :) love you guys!
Just tried the awesome juice from here!!! Loved the cashew mylk and the greens :-)
playing Super Mario Bros! BEST GAME EVER ;)
Ah, I didn't see that. Interesting idea, depending on the community. I'd be worried about the small dev with the next big idea...
should be a good one. I can get all the games on Xbox live if you wanna come up for one of them
We have the best new website! (And it's linked to Twitter!) ubakpsi.org
u would make me the worlds happiest girl if you RT reply or follow <3' so happy that I just can't explain it in 150 characters ^.^ :
so much good new TV. so little time.
Stupid book😡 😒😔😞😖😭 #ofmiceandmen #sobbing #poorlennie ... And the puppy:( ugh. But seriously. That was really sad :/
When you can hear everybodys phone vibrating in a silent class
Injecting Poison Into Your Brain-Jeff Walker justsmellsogood.com Click here and learn www.justsmellsogoodnation.com
I wanna be noticed, followed , or at least be Rt, by 1 member of One Direction .
finishing up these charts for the show Monday!
I (we) know your political affiliations but have you heard..." blah blah.. Welcome to the world of door-to-door politics. U don't know jack!
Something to look forwarDD too! RT : But the paper is AT work, coffee stop before. Cruel world. Ha
Can we all rally around and help this woman get this petition signed for the violence on Basketball Wives and Boycott Bullying!
I am literally crayin
am so happy The Artist won! wonderful film.
Looks like I'm eating some junk food for the game...#socited Peter piper pizza and Wingstop ...
. you want a new GM and coach just to have new ones. Wanna keep doing this over and over?
Is he really gay
I didn't realize that Hedo Turkoglu still knew how to score, much less make crazy circus and-one shots.
Website coming soon
How many samples of candy does this confectionery giant give out each year? Rachel indulges at the Sees Candy Factory Sat (12/4/10) @ 8:30pm
I also think I'm getting sick and I have to ride in the rain to get to work.
H - Having A - Anger T - Towards E - Everyone R - Reaching S - Success. (:
Heavy 420 traffic on the 101 south
My plant is sprouting. I'm so proud. 😄
I'm trying to come back to life feeling a bit drained
Bring in a group and enjoy a bottle of champagne and a cheese and fruit plate for the Oscars!
I've been standing outside this tucking school for 20min
Catching up on Mad Men. Alexis Bledel sounds so very un-Gilmore Girls on this show! Very grown up.
A bearded George Clooney will play Paul Krugman one day, I'm convinced.
S/o cause she so trill!!!Tell sammie i said whats poppin!
I need to get lifted asap
#IfIHadItMyWay, People would not drag others down; instead, they would rise up to make themselves better.
I am so sick of cloudy rainy weather ugg. My fav band is coming to hang out SAT wit me yea they only know Spanish CAN NOT WAIT TO C U GUYS
My solution to technical difficulties converting .mov into .avi files...? Ranger IPA
and have some good points in relations to Q3
I'm ready to hit 'follow'. This thought has inspired me to put on Bee Thousand for the first time in awhile.
Nicaragua is the second poorest nation in the Americas, after Haiti
Provocative 02/14 NYer piece by Gopnik: "the function of a social circle is to curb our appetites and of a [social] network to extend them"
I just has the worst shower in my life 😁 but I'll live
yea without faith we have nothing! so are you ready for a warm holiday?
Wait, Junior Seau died?!
2 Comments Click here to read/write comments
Powerful women empower their spouses.
Nunez RBI single
"Just because you are a recognized brand doesn't mean you are a loved brand" -Alejandra Carvallo, Intel
No act of kindness, no matter how small is ever wasted.
I'm watching one my favorite film The Piano. Totally love the soundtrack and storyline. :)
according to Hayek yes, socialism doesn't compromise.
284 Pounds of Fireworks!!
go listen to our christmas songs. drink a little eggnog for fawck sake! WWW.PUREVOLUME.COM/SWINGTHECOAST
Please follow =====> I'll follow back!
tht awkward moment when u cant find ur cell and u think the person sitting next 2 u took it then u realize tht it was next 2 u all the time
Hopefully my package didn't come yet (Fingers Crossed)
Who is down to go to the Beach on Monday?
over here hating cause the Texans better than them weak ass Redskins.
At a convention...the clown actually made a bycicle.
Out & about tonight in #Seattle? If you spot our poster, we'd love it if you'd tell us where you spotted it!
Looking forward to playing with Crooked Culture tonight at Blue Nile Upstairs, free show 21+
Ladies and Gentleman, introducing Steve Blake!
gotta rep the mighty #badgers bro
Have musical practice today. I DIDN'T EVEN HAVE SCHOOL TODAY!!! 
So bout 10 of my followers in my crib, not doing nothing. Summer boredom is real.
Looking forward to a great day of meetings with our partners at !
Make today count bc you will never get it back.....BOOM!!!
is so funny hahahahahaha
Fact of the Day: is the second-longest tenured Packer on the current roster. (Behind )
I like the idea. The mic should be IN the pit. Somebody talk to David Lynd about this.
Aug Sat 31 ’13 Biggie East, Little Big West, Jimmy Eat Revenue $7m
How the heck am I fitting work into this week!?
thanks for following... :)
me too
Oh and thank you for the doughnut Forgot to tweet that
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #24hours !!!!! LEGGOOO !! 57
My Twitter is so slow, you made the joke before I been asked. Clearly, it's just too early for *me*.
This sounds dangerous and I'm likely to concur.
yeah. I can't wait until LTE iPhone.
I'm money hungry today. Been up since 7 stacking grass .. Going back out in an hour to make some quick cash #chaching mufugga
thanks for that!
T-4 hours until
Its cool in FL today AND its not raining! Its the apocalypse!!!
How cool are we! is even following us!
Today's Get Energized tip: Find and seal all floor, ceiling, window and door air leaks and cracks.
you showed me something that i couldnt see, you opened my eyes and you made me believe <3
I know right
Okay its turkey franks and stuffing flavored beans for me today.
I am so over being unemployed... Blurg.
If you want to have fun then do something crazi
The release even refers to it as "among the most beautiful and intense films of the 1980s." Seriously? Inna Gotta Da Vita and a chainsaw?
So stack a guy at $10-$20 at Wynn, he's counting down his chips/cash, I cover but he says he wasn't play his $25 chip, 2 $5 chips.
One down, two to go. I'm now in Houston headed for Vegas & then finally to Seattle.
Remember when we dominated JV? Hell yeah senior year!
MT : Exciting find: #homemovies of #Omaha, NE African American community residents & activities, late 30s-early 40s. Soon 2b online!
happy bday shy gurl....u home?
One Love
great webinar #socialtruth - packed with great info. Marquis Jet??
Haven't written an essay in forever. Kinda rusty..
OH! Maybe a B&W photo of Atticus & Scout, and then write over it? (I almost DMd you from the store for help choosing, btw.)
I have only been able to get myself to watch 8 plays from this game...and its all been terrible. Where's OK state when you need them?
3 ways to be a bitch; Act stuck up, dress like a slut, and act like every living person you see is jealous of you when really they hate you
Thanks! Glad to have you aboard!
Delay in reforms inevitable in coalition govt: Pranab - Hindustan Times
How did I get 311 followers?? Bitches be unfollowing me
I'm f***in hilarious. Just an FYI.
: Thanks for sharing the RT love! :-)
Zimmerman don't worry got your cell already 2 go you neighborhood watch print sheets will b in this week.
Our 2011 DC debut has been confirmed: Wednesday 4/13, DC9. Now exhale...
The only guy who will forever have my heart . ♥
Its all good Bruce. Keep doing the do!
omg yes!!! When cooter was like who's gonna love you now, and she said me, I was like OMG YES YES YOU GO GIRL
Also huge relief and laughter of recognition at, "there's nothing wrong with you!" That one is a game-changer.
I'm having second thoughts about my decision 💔
Ah, okay. It doesn't seem like a big deal, unless you have long hair. ; ) Sending good vibes either way - long or short.
Oh you spend your entire day smoking weed? Oh man you must be real fucking cool.
PULL TABS.
Lol hell yea.
Part of teaching tech is allowing time to play with tech.
Thank you.
I'd say Bacon, but I think anything Chinese is more likely
How was your Mother's Day?
Take this life and let it shine.. Your will, your way. Always.
yup yup you gonna be the photo lady tomorrow? :)
So is Eli now considered the better Manning?
one of our recruits will be on campus today. She'll be under the guidence of next yr.. The perfect person to learn from..
up early with the benefit of john's loud-ass alarm. on the bright side: now i don't have to hear mine.
Sick of turkey samiches in ziplocks
Come to the howlin wolf northshore!!!
So many drunk people in silly hats
i live in Brooklyn ! <333
what does it taste like?
Attempting to check emails from the last week. Blah
Yall really wanna annoy me this weekend
Borders were on Obamas teleprompter.
when people will learn to no ask Mordac for permission before using a productive app? You'll always be pointed you to a hellish alternative.
Oh, well. Get em next time. Thanks. Go get a beer after that.
Consumer Demand for Wi-Fi Enabled Digital Cameras Increasing - MarketWatch (press release)
playing with my new fascinate
check youtube
when you coming again?
The best friends I could ask for
hey man, you're coming to LA soon to play some music, no? When?
would you happen to know? RT : do you know if there is in Tampa Bay?
Now family time! There is nothing better!
your not stupid Bro your just a whore
Food Fact of the Day: March 2,1904 Dr. Seuss was born. Who wants some
Where to go next for a PBR?...
Today feels like a banh mi day. Where's the best place for a banh mi sandwich near Union Square?
Thought that she was the one for me....
hey, tell the cute single girls at your party i said hi! I cant make it ;(
is that better? I rather just have no violent crime ITP and OTP
Have seen "The Blind Side" at least twice, but it still makes me bawl like a child
Switching studios because of stupid shit. YOLO
looking forward to seeing everyone!
Yeah Homework sucks! But I like my school, cuz I have lots of friends, and we always make it fun somehow!
The sudden influx of indy "gamification experts" is both encouraging and scary; I saw this play out with social media with mixed results.
Congratulations to Matty Budesa! Our newest intern in Dublin this Summer!! Have a blast!
Let the Tebow themed dishes begin with 's "Tebow T-Bone" now on the menu
mike's dog crossed the rainbow bridge yesterday, but not before enjoying a spaghetti dinner. have fun with tupac penny. rip.
you're alive? you tweet? in the daytime?!!!!!!
Google should have named +1 to =1.
Noise Machines for Sleep - Can White Noise Machines Help You To Sleep Better?
Welcome back, Gino's!
Never been to the Nats stadium, comparable to Wrigley?
I'm good now bro I had a fever of 105, my temp is down now doh , :) I took the longest shower ever :o
I appreciate your dedication to your arrangement.
“: Having dinner with my grandmother. Her axioms about life are so cool!” nice
HAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAHHHA GOOD ONE
Master your weakness so that they don't master you
In a woman the flesh must be like marble; in a statue the marble must be like flesh
nice eyes..
Hello, I would like to say many things but most important is that in every song I steal your heart ... I love you! <3
RT #drivethrugeneration Hell Yes. Miss the old Drive Thru Records!
Valdre asks what lessons have been learned from Bosnia that we can apply to today's crises?
Did you tell her about the electronic strip search machines? ;-)
Donation Based Polarity on November 17. Tweet for more information.
Be careful not to mess with the balance of things becuz everything is not wat it seems.
Just biked thru GG park to Green Apple books. Now, lazing on a sunny afternoon at Mojo bicycle cafe in the richmond.
sounds like a cool bar.
can you please come see me at work later tonight? Maybe even bring friends & play? and also, check your e-mail<3
RT : follow/register with www.phreeps.com to get totally free drinks, food, entertainment, shopping and more
humans are a social animal. rationality and language only arise through our intimation with others.
Hi Elliot, thanks for the follow back. Cheers!
Hahahaha I Love You
One stated they have never felt anxious on the job as they feel about this weekend
I gotta say it...#Patriots need to being back We have no deep threat to take top of opp. defense and Ocho/Price dont cut it.
All of my family and friends, who live along the pacific, please be careful and safe. I’m praying for you all.
i'm sleepy
Directionators at school, we're gonna kill you.
hey Directioners.:D go follow she follows back !(:
You know I bought one from you, right?
gotta catch bus to go out but hopefully i'll be there at 4-- you staying for a lil bit?
Just sneaked into a movie, what a rush.
Can't stop spinning the new record. Really looking forward to his Live Lunch appearance in our studios May 25!
I love watching tech videos from Techno Buffalo
Beautiful night on mississippi riding steamboat natchez wish everyone was here
The Tom Hughes Memorial Concert DVD is well on its way to been edited. Lots still to do..but we are getting there!
I'm into it.
Today is Friday, that means Fish Fry!
I tweet therefor I am.
do you work there?
when I tried to look at the picture, my phone said cannot load. Im guessing from a hot-ness overload?
- Thanks for the blog mention!
Good Night! :D
A7X kicks serious baby dolphin ass.
In the buildin already reppin H-town!
What up doe!!!
Who Will Win in the Smartphone Wars?
who is this about?
Serious storm brewing for the markets next fee weeks. After 3 day holiday weekend no rally in sight. Rolling short selling works.
HAHA!! Well you know what they say.... Practice makes perfect!!
Lamb's quarters are delicious and can be used like spinach (though I like them better cooked.)
ADHD Allies uses facebook to support adults with ADHD: community, resources, videos, stats. Pretty well done by McNeil Pediatrics. http: ...
dear can't wait to see the what line up is for the coke stage this year :D
Great win today Brewers! Great pitching by Wolf.... must've been the full moon... aaaahhhhh!!!!
Kendrick went too hard for the dub tonight haha
ight fuck dog i wanna get all faded with you!
I don't think that'll happen. I bet it goes to a game 7
RT : who broke Twitter. Also send energy 'cuz I am dead tired.
yikes....may have to home school my daughter..lol
*raises hand* me!
What makes ppl think I wanna just be chillin in college for longer than I have to. I need to take a summer class.
hooray, qwikster is gone. #netflix all-in-one (with raised prices intact) back. I guess I'm happy, for my queue's sake.
I don't understand why my dad is telling me I needa get a job...like wtf.
Love this. "The Earth laughs in flowers." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Even when an idol is quiet, one should 'never think his lust is dead, but should labor to give it new wounds every day.' John Owen
WTH! This was the house's opportunity to get Rachel out! Idiots! D*ckriders!
The Color Run is sold out!! Damn that was fast :)
Just met the intern. Is it really that time of year already?
I'm Norm and is Cliff at Jay's tonight.
h so apparently a new iphone is coming out tomorrow? #of course
I had a great time
RT if you actually enjoy reading our tweets
#AAS3rdcentury Because historians don't, by and large, care about specific texts & textual diffs?
thank you, large accomplishment!
bitches procrastinate. yep. why do i curse on the internet? because i'm a procrastinating bitch that has nothing better to do. YA
Nope, I just got outta the bath tub and I'm pulling an all nighter / saving that for later
Sounds good, thanks for listening!
Going out and letting off some steam
The first and most important step toward success is the feeling that YOU CAN succeed!!
It's 300 degrees on this bus
in mah bed, where else?
I think the clippers are gonna lose the series now
Charles is getting old Brandy wants her name in his will (:
I miss the days of catchers in the on-deck circle wearing their equipment.
Risk is fighting to create something rather than to tear something down. -Todd Mitchell
Thanks for your message. Email me at and we can share notes in more than 160 characters.
But as a city we're not sure if there is a policy on tree allergens. (UFA) have a stance on it? Don't know!
Sox got 1 run ya know we need more! Go Youk add on!
stfu. But that's a lot of extra work when you can just look at them on fb duh
Nice camera tracking applications in Android OS!
God please forgive me for my sins .
Thanks a lot, man. I'm pumped!
How many of y'all muhfuckas took a shower before taking your Avi pic? Only two?? ... I can tell
What's wrong? :/
week 10! tune into 98.5 and hear whose next on the 7:40 it goes down right now tune in
kinda ?? And I bet you are lol
So I pressed one for English right how come I still can't understand the dude on the other end???
cool:)x
follow me baby:c loveyouuualot<3
You'll get yours come BEA! I get to skip that this time around.
It's a gorgeous day in Nashville... come visit at the shop!
gotta be better than the Pistons... Although they have won 4 in a row
I can't stop thinking about those poor puppies!
what's the beginner first step in learning to scream vocals?
Sounds like me grading final essays -- due Tuesday at noon. Eek! Why am I checking Twitter???
is there a new teen wolf coming out?
Gettin' to be just about that time for 10 (#IB10). Yours truly will be manning the Twitters for the event. Say hello!
African jungle degree of illness quarantines me this Friday night, like Michael Crichton meets Sweet Valley High
lol. Ok, you are both off the hook til Wed. Have a good evening
Learning how to podcast & create 'ambient awareness'
Thanks for RT- what are you excited about this week?
Wherever I'm going, I'm already home, I'm living in the moment
yeah and I hope u know my birthday next Thursday
See it,desire it, ask for it, believe that you received it, and don't ask again just thank Him in advance for the manifastation! FAITH TALK
Maura wants to catch the eyes of all fashionistas! check her out on Facebook and Twitter!
Cap Fringe hasn't officially announced it, but tonight's ShawnMikael(s) show, "They're Just Makin' That Crap Up," is SOLD OUT
Congratulations to The Tobyriffic Show voted best PBS show in the Alibi
that's just how they do!
Off to bed...
Great Opening Day at the track & I finally got to try out Dawson's with good company...time for bed before we're back at it tomorrow!
During session planning, librarians were helping distinguishing the library's role in education from Plan B issues.
I think it's a Colombian mom thing haha my mom does it all the time! Even if they live here..She thinks they can't hear her 😂
Cool! Glad you like it!
I will def watch Moneyball! Congrats to Geelong for their AFL Cups, three is a magic number, yes, it is, it's a magic number!
love Hernandez. The handoffs are great! Wish broncos threw the ball more. Game plan is not good
me? Pft. Never(;
LOL...you know you're out of line for that. Enjoy the gamer pretty lady, hope it's not the last for us!!!
Lets start a rap, please contribute!...We are macaroon making and cheese grating...cookie connoisseurs that make your belly roar.....
Ha ha ha! RT : Apocalypse Now ... More like a Cock On The Lips Now!
so sick of "so-called friends"
:D thank you!!!
Stay at HOME. Make money. Lose weight. XYNGULAR! Join me! ;) www.Xyngular.com/tigger
watched 2 tonights eppy already and those minute clips I was bawling my eyes out..I am not prepared for this at all
we missed you at 3:45 a.m. each morning. would have been fun.
omg that would be even worse!!!! xD then some one would sue ToysRUs
Q: How many Cancerians does it take to change a lightbulb? A: None: A Cancerian would worry herself to death with the problem.
I feel like Austin has seen Sleepless in Seattle one too many times.
Congrats to your son and your household. Go on and do the happy dance. We wont tell anyone.
Juggoliterature in the Spring RT : What a beautiful day to lay in the park and read about Juggalos.
okkkayy well idk! (; haha ill talk to him about when he was a jerk too me
Haven't heard on the movement check out www.sustainablehouston.org. When we are all able to #slgt and #buylocal everyone benefits!
Apogee drivers, you are the suck.
I'm serious.
Can't do anything right
Will we get to see the new haircut anytime soon:-)
Eating my Klondike!! :)
I need a real good woman in my life
great catching up with over coffee - good luck this morning!!
to be the best do as the best do plus some!
Fluffy fingers.
I wait till next week
post things you want to talk about and ask questions that you have and respond to others, if you have time.
I filled the living room of my first apartment with furniture from Ax-Man Surplus.
Only 'new show' panel I want to see @ #SDCC is #LastResort. Anything else, it's just because I'm camping out for #GoT, Fringe, etc
"Category 'Beyond Hispanic' was opened for agencies in Puerto Rico" ?!?! #noentiendo #heard at
Did Chris Brown get eaten by Pit Bull? RT Great end to the All-Star Game right now. No, seriously.
Great seeing you tonight at
From South Grove TAP meeting: "Discipline problems have decreased as the quality of instruction has improved."
Is it weird that "Pour Some Sugar on Me" has been stuck in my head since the morning?
Shout out for shout out??
3 pm Sunday is the worst time to find out that you have to memorize and deliver a speech in Chinese at 10 am Monday.
Feelin too good!
hey sis, just want you to know that you are amazing!! keep fighting the fight-it's worth it
have you considered going with indie pub.? With large publishing houses spending less on new writers, it's a way to start.
With a donation of $100, we thank Jess!! Thank you!! You have made it to the rank of Brother Bro-Patter!!
thanks! I can't wait to download. If I can just stop listening to the new Tindersticks album.
RT Thank God for waking me up this morning. It's a blessing to be hear today.
IDGAF what they say, the line up for rtb is awesome. Idk, if its mainstream or not.
only been there once, didn't even see that wall art!
If you can't make her laugh you can't make her yours unless you got hella money, but then you gotta
It is perfectly acceptable for a man to wear nicely manicured acrylics, on one hand, in Nashville. Doesn't even raise an eyebrow ring.
GOT all three down yes:)
well i should be studying for finals..but i can't seem to. suggestions?
good job on your 10K.
Brandon Freaking Allen haha. Crushed that ball to right. #Rays walk off. Always love seeing them win!
True! I'll just hang on and stop being so worried about it.
don't u mean won't
it was nice to meet you yesterday. Would love to talk creativity with you sometime. Cheers!
There's just something kind of romantic about the mall at night..
#bestlovemovie the Notebook. I cry every time.
Thanks for a great staycation this weekend!
watchin X-Men Origins. know I'm late. ok movie. But why is this Angel dressed like this? Other heros get decent outfits, but the brown girl?
What a great day, preparing for a week of phone conversations about how to drop the expensive cost of Findlaw or Lexus but keeping great SEO
what happend to your phone
I HATE waiting-_____-
the NBA
: SouthernSun is chill and rockin as always! The new "hop vivant" is awesome and the cali valley ain't bad either.
Jammin to the new album "Young Love" - so fresh.
by the way, let me know how I can assist with your program. Any way I can help or give back, I'm in.
Been at work for over an hour and my computer STILL hasn't turned on. I miss having in-house IT peeps :(
Now LA will have a new Advent story. I don't think this was how the mayor of Bethlehem handled the situattion.
why is #HappyBirthdayMadsion not trending what the fuck trend
you need someone? I could watch her. Does she like trashy reality TV or movies w/explosions where evry1 dies?
huh? Marry who?
Good morning and happy Friday! It's raining here in Dallas/Fort Worth. How's the weather in your neighborhood?
Antitrust laws can be applied retroactively. Makes it hard to give advice to clients
Thanks for the sign-up, neighbor. Let us know if there's anything we can do to help you!
your photographer is AWESOME. ;)
Congrats!!! Where at?
Right there with you! ;-) RT : When I see D&G I think Dolce & Gabbana not Deleuze & Guattari....uh oh...
My new phone case came today, but I can't get my phone out of the old case.
yuck. Ice sucks!
ops!! Sorry! Didn't realize that was a game. My bad.
it's like the baby is committing suicide.
OMFGRMFT“: I don't feel like going to school tomorrow.”
Did the Seahawks just lose Okung for the first half of the season? Welcome to Seahawk football.
Holy crap. Seattle has ice cream trucks. Who knew?
When voting, just think of it this way. Do you aspire to be wealthy, but have to work, or would you rather be on welfare & not have to work?
Getting tournament tested, and making the grade!!!
Every time I see that I'm being followed by Charles Bukowski my heart gets all thick in my throat for a second.
Make me believe...
we never went fishn! Wtf is up with tht?
If I don't tweet in about an hour, call 911 because I have passed out from starting back in the gym
THanks for following - great tips on your site!
Just got back to #Dallas. Great trip to #wmc. Time to really get to work. ;-) Remixes in the can and new mixtape this fri!
#MiamiHeat insider previews the 1st round series vs Knicks with right now on &
I've to go to the mall to do some shopping
RT : &quot;: #Rockies came into today's game tied 9th in MLB in on-base percentage as a team with bases loaded.&quot; # ...
Carter had old school three point play tonight. Is that play dying breed because kids can't shoot fts or everyone is shooting threes?
don't file and clam "Diplomatic Immunity!"
how was it last night? I passed out while doing laundry ;( gonna come through next week tho
Got everything but the skateboard >.< & I spent all my money so it's ganna take me a while :P
gave a birthday wish in my latest Urban Dish
Thx for the
Follow me at for a shoutout in my next song !
I miss my baby girl <3
Karenga, cheikh anta diop, etc...I feel like there is an arts management canon but it remains a mystery to me
In shock... Such a tragedy... Gone too soon. RIP Whitney Houston. I will always love you.... <3
OMG when did she perform this?!
oh come on, your at least a 5(;
#Pioneers escape with the 61-50 victory over the #Jaguars in the quarterfinal round of the SBC's. Recap to come soon.
your argument goes to how can Romney twist himself to get to 48% approval...have you looked ar the electoral college?
hahaha. That is the best thing I've heard all day haha
We are! MT Everyone's wearing jackets & talking about how it's cold. I'm wearing a thin shirt & LOVING it! PEMCO would be proud.
Me: Because the Kings' twitter is infinitely greater than the Blues. And we hate them. The Blues that is. But You can cheer for them.
Much swag ahaha
What happens if no one comes forward? How long does a person have to claim the prize? I realize I could Google this. :)
I hate how Austin has too many friends on facebook :( now i cant add him. fml
lorie zapf, april boling, jan goldsmith.
I feel so rotten sometimes.
RT Mama White , Daddy Black So That Ass Super Fat !
You say tomato, and I say tomato.
I'm doing the exact opposite -- not eating. Not a good habit, I know :-/
Happy Friday, Peeps! If you were at yesterday's #PRSANCC event- see I was right. Fri. did come!
#jets killed me tonight
If you believe in love , lets get it on (;
Very good game. You did great.:D
they don't understand a tweet is only 140 characters!
Congratulations to DePaul University College of Law - Julie Krupa and Michael Comeau - for placing first in the IP LawMeet™!
Church rocked, clarity achieved then Bam. Brick wall in my face. Weird. My kids let me cut their hair, all is well for this mommy again.
Lady, you are not amusing, this is not stand up comedy, shut up already!
You’ll re-read this one: You, Inc.: The Art of Selling Yourself by Harry Beckwith and Christine Clifford
"I love prince!" do you know he's from here? "that's beautiful!" #what?
super awkward naked retarded man.
Thanks IBM for adding #JCDL2012 to your events
- why special attention for this festival and not others? trains should run this late every weekend.
um our ep release show is next week in Cupertino! Is that close enough? B)
46% Of U.S. Thinks Facebook Is A Fad [SURVEY] (Hypebot)
My staff is talking about finding perfect royalty-free music for Italian cooking video made by a patron.
Sorry Mike, can't. Watching kids that night.
following everybody back <<<<
Storytelling performances are at 11:30 am and 1 pm today. Performances will be outside because I say so.
Fiona's Flash?... or even more alliterative; Fiona's Fox4 Flash.
lol nope check out Bloomberg and CNN
Sex on the beach..
That was incredibly impressive. I hope that sees the series of tweets, as he is a fan of the McRib (and literature.)
Gnome Pioneers!
When I say I love you, it’s not a cliché. I say it to remind you that you’re the best thing that ever happened to me.
Done tweetin , my battery lower than wiz khalifa's eyes . K bye
people have cars. they can drive there.
super proud to see my boys at spling all grown up
The human mentality is so eager to HATE sumthin. I just try to play it off like it aint jumpin'
Bo handling himself with total professionalism with after being attacked without facts. Great work Coach!
I will try my best to be friends with Thursday, sir, LOL.
Merry Christmas to everyone!
Less than two months until the Shamrock Club of Wisconsin's 45th Annual St. Patrick's Day Parade takes place on March 12, 2011!
"TweetHearts"... that's super cute. I'm celebrating my Birthday! Come celebrate with me!
You probably wont notice me but hi i love u. U Made Me Believe In Alot Of Things, Thank You.<3
LMFAO well I must have chowed down a plate of *fabulous*..
Men's Levis Shorts $39.99-49.99!!! Latest style of Adidas and we have the T-shirts to go with em!!!!
that could still be 4 more wins than the Bucks get
Looks so cuddly!
Have not been yet. Guess I'll have to decide for myself! ;-)
Reagan. Drink.
I'm just going to leave the tylenol on my desk if anyone else needs it. It's that kind of week
Overheard in Stereo Type room: "Designers wonder you you bought your shoes. Developers look at your feet when you talk."
Yes Screen Gems is coming!
FBI, Scottish prosecutor visit Libya for Lockerbie bombing investigation - Fox News
haha it's ok Allie most people go through it once or twice in their lifes, so how's East?!
Shipping the leads in this movie SO HARD. Even if it will probably never happen. Haha.
Responded to FIRE @ 78 Phelan Court, Troy, NY 12180 and helped 5 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
16 & 17 y/o's can be poll workers, too. Must have a 3.0 GPA & permission from parent AND school. Email for the 411.
What a great staff at the Mill Top Banquet and Conference Center! Thanks for helping us out today :)
Happy six months, lima bean! :) Give him a kiss from Auntie Sam.
Why is it so dffcult for you to understand my situation mum ? haishh . stress );
bout to hit the stage
Dead at Jio giving one of the dancers he thought was good for me my twitter. I'm waiting for the chance to Shade.
I need someone to come by my office and clean the screens on my touch enabled devices once a day.
Hunting once again for feature-worthy story ideas in the north metro. Any interesting events/people/programs/etc. to highlight? Let me know!
Thank you..I think I just may be..it'll hurt mainly cause hes always here..I've never been alone..but..I,might like it..
The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of making a mistake. - Meister Eckhart
Man ready for my weekend
yeah I can't keep up with the kids these days
Mike tks what an awesome video and web site I plan on sharing this : )
&#39;Glory&#39; Days: Intimate Experiences, But At A Price?
Nice talkin to yall yesterday! Anytime you need some info on Buehler just let me know ;o) Yall are awesome and Love yalls show!
Check out this week's Bible, History and Career Czar shows!
It was great having u here. U are welcome to join us 2day for a good Firehouse Lunch. Homemade Chicken Gumbo is on the menu.
Last round
Haha, that's hilarious. Well hopefully the other ISP's took note of this little experiment.
i love the creativity that Gorillaz has brought into "Pop" music.They gave Del a larger platform,&made BobbyWomacks genius a part of 2010.
hate waiting for books to be published
Oh, that's good. As long as the world can see it, I'm fine not looking at myself for a couple hours.
you going to the game?
what up!
Just got a lesson in voice acting with Andrea Romano. Dream come true!
If you think your nail polish is dry... Wait 10 more minutes. #lesson learned
Most do, perhaps I just devalue the RB position too much. I thought no. 1 priority for CLE should have been grabbing a top WR
": we got plans for Dang Girl pt II. Sorry for the wait. " YAYY! I thought hope was lost c,:
I wish this weather was like this year round
Would love to partner with you, how can we move forward?
Sorry to hear that Brad Hamm, IU School of Journalism dean, is leaving for Northwestern. Enjoyed working with him on IN Journ. Hall of Fame.
When big music artists ask ya to "Ghost Write" for them, means they want the hit song with all the bragging rights.
The Material Girl is singing at Super Bowl XLVI Halftime in 2012. That's right Madonna is performing and it will be LEGEND wait for it DARY!
Loving the beautiful weather here in DC.
Wanna b in Little Italy, and watch the National Championship Tonight, Check Maxi's Bar! Sip on a Cocktail, enjoy a Calamari, or Maxis Pizza
So sad to hear Teena Marie has passed away. RIP Lovergirl!
I'm so excited for the weekend! :D
AMS is a proud member of the Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce, the Alb. Hispano Chamber & we're also a Diamond Member of Keep It Querque!
When is US/NATO going to get the hint they aren't really welcomed in Afghanistan? Always some1 in uniform/ Afghan soldier shooting them down
Singer Dionne Bromfield, goddaughter of Amy Winehouse, views tributes outside the late singer's north London home.
We continue to receive beautiful scarves made with love by our donors and supports to be sent to our rescuers in Eastern Europe.
didn't know the 120 makes a tour of harbor island
breathe peace, be at ease, allow the mind to calm and quite itself through breath awareness. pause. breathe deeply into your belly. smile
let's do this!
check out upcoming Female MC!!
I luv music..it makes irritatin situations nd ppl more tolerable..
Wow is right! Welcome! : are here all the way from London! Woweee! #SeaTweetUp is international!
LOL, Night Night
heading to hp innovations in education lunch celebration @ Sheraton
Hey #highered folks, is there a good college search site that focuses mostly on cost and affordability?
The main ingredient in Subway's 9-Grain Wheat Roll is refined flour—it's no better than white bread!
R.I.P to Caroll Shelby, accomplished driver and designer who may have made the biggest contribution to hooning in history.
I know! I was gonna tell her what she was really saying but I decided not to. It was too damn funny
At Fenway Park enjoying a beer and a hot dog....great day!!
Getting fired up for the basketball tournament called NCAA. Go !
delete away!!
Well Since It's A Commercial I'll Finish This Paper.
With the 22nd Overall Pick, the #Browns take #OklahomaState QB Brandon Weeden.
I love when it rains
FREE #ExperienceJoeRogan app for Droid! All the Joe Rogan you need! Enjoy!
They were really basic questions, so I think they understood. I think they just wanted to ask a question, and had no ideas.
wayy too cool for you. Might dig your tips though
Grew up way 2 fast, wish I could turn back time. Blah blah!!
My boyfriend can piss me off SO BAD sometimes... But I still love him 
is having trouble finding her smile today...
CHERYL, FOLLOW THE BEAUTIFUL BARBI'S & STELLAR KEN WAHL....THEY R AMAZING & R TIRELESS ANIMAL ACTIVISTS
Prepping for tomorrow's #HIST479 class. Blogging, Tweeting, and What's so new about New Media? discussion!
I'M HAVIN A GREAT DAY!!! COCKTAIL DINNER PARTY TOMORROW AT THE WATER CLUB!!! :-)
it will! i'll have my good camera and i'll be at my moms so i can be on longer :)
He spend, you owe, that's what mommy taught her All ball is played, won't starve today Song after song I write so I get paid
You can trace your delayed baggage with WorldTracer but was does it help if it says that they cannot locate my baggage now
Oh snap. Raw is starting off bananas tonight! Lesnar/Cena!
Well enough that I don't think it's worth diving back at it. It's not a very broad topic.
it was the best day ever!!
Lol why do I always take my breaks at #420 #pothead lol
what school?
is so amazing, as a singer and as a person. He HAS to win
thanks so much for the invite! can't wait to the 11/29 event!
Thanks so much! RT : Back Then' love this song!
21 and doing it
. I've been silent about it because it speaks for itself. I built up a business, and the owner is tearing it down.
Two great shows this weekend! EleventySeven & The Great Transparency Friday @ The Loft! Rachel Platten & Bess Rogers Saturday @ Redamte!
#its2012whyyoustill gettin boyfriend/girlfriend's names tatted?!
So many fire hydrants, so few fires.
Smart & sensitive side are both a big part of
Love installing dimmers for overhead lighting. The light is customizable for every occasion!
Laughing so hard you sit there clapping like a retarded seal!!
Looking forward to catching up on your new book, soft butter, this weekend.
Caught a great Buddy Guy show at Ravinia with & Ala. Beautiful stars, beautiful music, beautiful company :)
Thanks for your kind mention and your ongoing advocacy for #immigration issues.
I have 0 beers in mine.
Summertime is the best time to work on your game. can help you reach your goals. NY ballers - let's do this!
One more hour!
Someone told me : " atleast I don't cry when I go to sleep " . Shall I say more ? .... :/ wow.
When will #NFL will start selling double-deck seating on people's shoulders.
Two Fiddy Tuesday! Grilled Polish Beef and Regular Beef Sausages for only $2.50! Can't beat that deal with a stick, or bat or a tire iron
He's also super cute, which doesn't hurt ;)
Hey #Brewers fans: I've got 2 extra tickets to tomorrow's game behind home plate. Half price. Tweet me.
Fucking Mondays. Gonna work my ten hour shift, eat lunch at Arbie's and then I'm going to the movies.
boise state continues to try and haunt the university of hawaii in every aspect...does that count?
I hope you had a Great Christmas! I love you!<3
don't forget to use the glass. Now have you installed the JHigh triangle set yet? Really suited your game to never post up.
Al-Jazeera says 6 journalists held in Egypt
marketing promotion etc you
Today the Pink Hats get to say how cute it is that there favorite players are using Pink Bats. OMG, qwqwfc Salty is so djdnjd . I'm crying
Where is the corn? Cracker Barrel
RT : If you got something to say bout somebody, @ them.
How is everybody day
This tweet is misleading! He FACES murder charges would be correct. My thoughts and prayers go out to both families
loved set! And adored their dresses!
Scarring the crap out of in the Dillion's parking >
20 min radio segment about UW-Lax baseball and not one mention of leading rbi man 's brother #horse$#!+
Because I used to be like the terminator when I was on the mound.
Chris Davis just struck out one of the best hitters in the AL, Adrian Gonzalez.
Heading 2 the state fair at 7 to go show off our piece. Will b there till the 26th. So go check out our piece and vote for it so we get loot
Hey ppl all I can say is a good nights rest can do wonders for you especially when it's Friday!!!!!!
“: Sexxy... Next Thursday I wanna go to Kit Kat Lounge... U should come!!” yes I'm totz down :D
ineed a new ringtone :D Any Suggestions ?(:
We killed!
Like newsflash employers can see that shit so your just dumb for always talkin about
Plainfield did good but we couldnt come out with the win against New Pal, county next week
yes he trying to take me out to the beach! he bout to drive from ft lee to williamsburg to va beach! wahhh
Great meeting you at #DH2012 Good luck with your book - The Good, the Bad & the Godawful!
I hate this </3
I've heard there's an actual "list" of psycho fans. My cousin's coworker has a retraining order from Joe's sister & some family!
Get feeling this guy not impressed with World Cup host CUTTER!! "US beaten by country smaller than Phoenix - its an anti-Capitalist vote!"
I lovee sleeping in till 11am on days I don't have finals 👍
#20ThingsILove The illusion of internet freedom.
I've become obsessed
Awww today I'm gonna see my love my bestie aw :D
The mind is full of pointless repetition. It has been estimated that 90 percent of the thoughts anyone thinks on a given day are the same
Um I can. And Im not.
Thanks to everyone that came out to Event last-night. It was a packed house by 10:40.
#CNN confirms from the San Diego Chargers that former NFL player Junior Seau has died.
Went to bed early because I was acting like I was Cotto and lost the fight. Was so upset..
Depending On What You Get & Where
This template is inadequate to my needs.
Starting with Step 1 of the #SmartChart goal, mission and objectives
Gonna be dopes up on pain killers and orajel for the next couple of days hopes its not a cavity never had one before :(
yeaa my mentions are dead.
My pockets are the only things bigger than my ego.
think you need more basic because your attitude still kinda sucks lol
saw them there 6 or 7 years ago-great show.
I've started saying Y'all? I have no idea how it got in to my vocabulary.
Thanks for the follow. Happy holidays!
Its Me. Its My Insecurities.
Still one of the more impressive things I see high school kids do is shoot low 70s-high 60s and manage a golf course like it's nothing.
TALENT SHOW IN 1 & A HALF HOURS.
Today's sermon: God's Love is: Uninfluenced, Unending, Unlimited, Unchanging, Unmerited. My fav: Unmerited.
The skins needed to look after D.Ware and Romo to win..
Celebrating Tortilla Chip Day with Ms. ! TGIF!
tweet back asshole
Who is your favorite singer/band?
At least once a month I'll have unnecessary anxiety attacks over my socks and shoes. I don't even have that many socks and shoes.
You are easily amazed! ;-)
Simulating first round of NBA playoffs on NBA2K and Knicks are winning so that means its gonna happen in real life right? LOL
Happy Social Media Day to all of my technologically inclined friends! xo
I enjoyed it too! Tap into me whenever you want - you have the number...love to hear how you're doing!
And if you've read it already, READ IT AGAIN! Haha!
Lol. Even the nun is yelling at the game!
Yea we just crashed :o
I cant believe Messi is only 24. Thats a joke
Which DVD?
Thanks you too!
thank you too.
I've got a huge thing for Diablo Cody, right?
All moved in to my new house :) spent the entire morning at the beach. Life is good.
Yey! I also got a few summer shirts, which insures it will be cold and rainy.
Verlander. Finally. Scary.
And I better be seeing you! Cause you're gonna be moving to Bumfuck Egypt after summer.. :(
thank you!!!
I am the updated new negro.
My english class started wit 36 ppl....now there's only 10 of us 😳
Give the world the best you have and the best will come back to you. Madeline Bridge
REMINDER: 30TH APRIL MY EPISODE ON THE HAUNTING HOUR AIRS ON THE HUB NETWORK!! I PLAY A ROBOT!!! U GUYS EXCITED?
I'm a fast runnaa
what high schools are in Johnson county? Olathe and Shawnee mission?
Exodus 22:2-23 "Do not take advantage of a widow or an orphan. If you do, and they cry out to me, I will certainly hear their cry."
Thanks for the
haha I try :)
RT : Grady's (Whitman Mayo) ghost is gonna haunt you for stealing his line! / I ain't scared of no Grady!
you and ya poodle rock matching leather outfits
Ah a walk to remember is on next 😍
A Limited Time: Watch, then link to Review & Discuss "Anne Frank Goes to Hollywood" on the official Site: www.annefrankgoestohollywood.com
On my way to Philly for an audition. Lord, give me some inspiration pleeeeeeeeaaaaase.
You're listening to Carolyn and Jackie! Make sure to send in requests.
Fucking Mexican cutting my grass today blew all the dirt to me and with the blower and got shit in my eye! Thinking of suing😡
“: will be speaking on the panel at the #Coverings2012 Trade Show today!”
Are you tenacious? “A Minute with Maxwell” Free Daily Coaching from: www.johnmaxwellteam.com
haha sure;P
are you guys getting married yet
Just found out that Travel Channel is re-airing Mud People tonight!!! Show your love again tonight at 11PM EST, 10PM CST, 9PM MST, 8PM PST!
follow back? =D
Can't wait to get the htc thunderbolt! #new phone
My friend just said twitter is a waste of life -.-
I hate Shane Doan. I hate everything about this year's playoffs, including rooting for the Rangers and Kings.
In a strangely good mood, considering I only have 24 hours to submit this term paper. The end is near.
Looking forward to seeing friends and colleagues at the RMSLA South meeting tonight to talk about the alignment.
Messed up skirt on baby's dress. Have to go to store and buy more fabric tomorrow. Grrrr!
#Knock and #Rising enter post-production this week. Hard deadline at April 27th. #indiefilm -JO
thx 4 following, and for your bicycle initiatives and your involvement with Asians and Pacific Islanders during Census 2010
haha yeah brother
Wouldn't matter. Educational system here is so bad that it's amazing they spell anything right that has more than three letters.
The Dell #WIMSS in Singapore is a meeting of 120+ Dell imaging employees from around the world, meeting to set strategy for the coming years
Omg #madmen : Roger Sterling drops acid!
thanks for the review, love the video!
sounds like something the Bush administration would say to get you to buy a war they were selling. Or the
he's dope
Gherardo Casini jokes about "Washington consensus" on use of XML for leg open doc standards
those star wars figures don't buy themselves you know....
Was gonna say.. There's no way you, or anyone, is beating AT. ha ha How's the snow? lol
For some reason, the temptation to do some water related activity is extremely high. About as high as the tempature.
my man, what course do you typically play? we wanna design it for you as payment for your feedback
I wanna go home, but if I go home I'll go to sleep. I can't go to sleep.
Good morning Everyone waking up reading the Secret to Teen Power!!
Young people are out in full force tonight! The future of
Where do they get these hookers? #excused they all pole dance and kiss on the first date... in the first ten minutes
I understand now! I know without a doubt the man I love and want to be with forever!
Auctioneers are proof white guys could rap if they tried hard enough
Excited to enjoy a chocolate pie tomorrow made by my favorite pastry chef in Chicago - !
Ferry to Brooklyn for lunch and a Brooklyn Lager, then a walk across the bridge back to Manhattan.
I need a squirrel.
First #pla12 session of the day: book discussion groups
I'm prone to hyperbole, but one of the best meals I've ever had.
Saw 's name on the title credits! Excited!
Today's adorable (but fragile) find: pressed violets sent by a 6 year old to her older brother in 1901.
Daily GTKY question: Have you ever had something happen to you that you thought was bad but it turned out to be for the best?
Ha! Amazing.
Happy Mother's Day to my Mom!!!!! And to all the moms out there!!!
Peace. We want to thank all of our kick ass fans & any haters too for helping to make all this shit happen. Thank you & Stay Drivn eternal.
this dog bakery here in town.....it was cheap too
Happy Monday to all!
Paola, do you view timbre as able to communicate specific things or add to the meaning of words in your vocal compositions?
They support artist
My morning got MSIE'd. I'll add it to Microsoft's tab.
I don't understand how Super Mario can smash blocks with his head but dies when he touches a turtle.
Still 2hrs left of the Paige Haas-Leukemia Benefit! great turnout! Brian Batch of Alpha Rev up next!!!
Hate this light on buchtel tf
For people who ordered tickets online, you will be on a list for the show. Pick up your ticket and package there.
Wait. Strike That. Set my alarm for 1:30 a.m. - Gotta watch Dre's comeback with Snoop @ Coachella. lol. Damn This East Coast Time Zone!
Roger Sterling on LSD. Best storyline ever.
and get ready for some crazy Nacogdoches hotness! And I'm not just talkin about the weather ;)
Ok here are more think out of the box kind of ideas for new co-host. #PeterDeluise #Harold or #Kumar and Harry Connick Jr.
Life goal: a follow from
“: Today's a good day. I just found an unused razor cartridge in my bathroom.” Simple pleasures of bearded men!
Whoops. RT matching! or you look like a boater RT : A3: AND, every man should have a perfectly tailored suit
So umm, something has been bothering me as I watch Mavs vs blazers here...WTF happened to Brandon Roy?
She says the facts suggest murder. Her mind is supposed to be made up. BEFORE charges are brought.
For real I just got pizza to!
Just give me what I know is mine!
Oh you'll see soon enough ;) and def keep waiting - it will be worth it!
Great meeting today. Things are lookin up!!! 👗💼💰👍
Man she is b..a..double D mane #NuffSaid shawty got the
Finally getting on the list might be my undoing. So much awesomeness.
send me some of your modeling work
Let's talk: What brand of camera do you use/like/prefer?
That moment where you realize you can pause in a 3D videos. And its still in 3D. Mind=blown hahaha
why all men now smooth shaved pubs like us girls???? love it yes boys
How was the surfing up in Brookville? The river had a bunch of debris this weekend.
Progress always involves risks. You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first. Frederick Wilcox
From th desk of th Prophet's corner: A brief examination of ourselves is apropos. U will discover u r th chief engineer of wht hs manifested
Thank you for courage to come out & oppose homophobic bill. Your honesty sharply counteracts harm this bill could do. Bravo!
Thank You! Check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
Congrats Josh! Some where between Calvin Johnson & Mario Williams money, right?
yes it does make me feel better, now i have to figure out the solution :)
Damn you woman bo
will do my best. People are sending me updates via text and facebook.
Hutchinson earned its third consecutive state berth. Fourth if you count the 2009 co-op. The Tigers have never made it past Round 1
Missed the train to London, stuck in lille for a couple hours. On a Sunday. Guess I can wander around and look at euro architecture...again.
You betcha--Loved it..and thanks for the coffee---very tasty!
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend , and ! We hope you enjoyed your weekend in Cali!
you can't make this up. only on the holiest of christian holidays.... in #PDX. I love this place :)
Its cold!!!
Hahahaha I'm so excited c:
I've had a twitter for too long, I sweaa.
Damn straight, this feels good.
#Madrid Tapas Bars, not topless bars. Nice corner-cafe shop to get a quick sandwich & continue your journey around beautiful Spain!
After watching MSNBC for twenty minutes I can understand why Fox News consistently has more than twice the number of viewers.
Just a son of Montague devoud of the only thing I would die for...
Seriously if you rub your cold wet nose on me one more time.......
There are emotions in life that I just cannot explain in words.
Help is on the way. Thanks for the heads up!
We are printing a new and beautiful bookmark that will be available for free to anyone who wants it. It is at the printers now.
Demetria I forgot to tell you, I took this girls tampon today and threw it at someone.
Santorum would like everyone to pray away obamacare!
I miss you too sexxxxaaaay <\3
I wanna get white girl wasted with
Working today, rocking out with to his brother Noah DJing tunes from Bisbee on Community radio is awesome.
haha I try
MBAs are so expensive. But you are out of debt and 85% done with it?
If there is a god valverde closes the door here!
Sometimes I wish I could go to the other side
I Like Cheese!<3^.^
finished #reading The Ice Princess by Lackberg yesterday. loved setting & characters & can't wait for The Preacher to hit US shelves.
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one. - Malcolm S. Forbes
You have to let go of who you were to become who you will be.
A genius idea: RT Going to sleep and wishing there were such a thing as The Pedicure Fairy.
I have no clue what this is supposed to mean
Attending the classic film festival hollywood 2012
Was semi tanker carrying ethanol, with rear axle smoking. No fire. Taking truck off freeway right now.
Edward Cullen is sitting right in front of me and :)
and I will all be in San Diego tomorrow!!!!
Now, which would be easier, all us crazies coming to see you in NYC, or you coming to Chicago? :P
I'd like to see more of the early days of Eric and Charles. I don't love or hate Wolverine but he's in too many places.
Try our SIMPLE & FIT 2-Egg Breakfast Scrambled egg substitute, two strips of turkey bacon, whole wheat toast and fresh fruit.350 Calories
If that strategy ever works out for you, let me know. Running the gauntlet of mall kiosk hucksters is daunting indeed.
Is there anything better in life than curry!?
When you are in love with person who lives so far away from you it's so difficult to be happy.. :( #Alexandre ♥
was asked this week how long ago he had turned 60. When he replied, "Oh not yet, but don't I look awful" the woman did not try to backped...
Love Pittsburgh, but not the steelers.
Living vicariously thru the updates of friends #Dinah Shore & ImSl. Different ends of the Lesbo experience & both full of debauchery :)!
For Mark: How cool was it working on Collateral? Didn't you think your character deserved to go out with a bang?
Cringe worthy: Nene from #RHOA in caramel Marni dress
loving her resilient and energetic cast.
Because honestly, you either have money or you don't, and you might as well have it... right???
GO FOLLOW ---> <OR ELSE I WILL GET CHUCK NORRIS ON YOUR ASS!
I deserve a Grammy...
kind of like when Marcus Allen said that the team with the most points will win.
hugs back. :D
good point lol :)
Happy Thursday #kizombalovers!!!
I've said it before, but am I really the only one who kinda feels sorry for Wolfgang Van Halen?
As of this very moment, we have 210 people registered for BarCamp Rochester. This event is shaping up to be the biggest we've ever had.
Skype to release video and voice calling app for PlayStation Vita mobile gaming device
I LOVE the UK and the people there. I cant wait until I'm seeing fans from there in my mentions and in person <3 I think I could live there
This afternoon's Studio Session with Good Old War has been cancelled due to illness.
that akward moment when u here whip ur hair by willow smith comes on and bald people are in the room
DONT FORGET...HAVE GREAT NEWS FOR U!!!!!
So just got off the game and I think I did good today #mykdisgettingbetter yes
100% FOLLOW BACK :)
Wait...correction...we got third place
Awful image for #Nationals fans: Wilson Ramos on the grass clutching his knee.
Welcome to Seattle! Very excited to have you as the newest member of the
cant wait till tomorrow. im going to a bar b q
- Not sure yet, but I believe so.
Happy EMS Week to our friends at !
"if you get hurt, we're going to the science museum at the hospital" - random science museum dad on the green line.
Great #followfriday peeps!
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 44
Enjoying a book and a surprisingly good cup of coffee on the train to Boston!
He's not followin me Rt : RT if Niall isn't following you. (I'm gonna follow some of you, must be following me <3)
We'll see who will be saying yolo when I'm rich and employed and you are my maid... Have fun ruining your life✌👍
Mayor Bieter to kick off Let's Move Boise! and dedicate the city's 2nd Mobile Rec Van 11a.m. today at Owyhee Park, 3400 W. Elder St.
why don't you have to go to school?
Thoughts go out to all who live in the carolina's! Be safe hopefully Hurricane Irene just blows on by
I had Crumb cupcakes for the first time the other day at Union Station.. It was peanut butter & reeses.. heaven.
ok going for a free personal training session this morning :-)
found some new clothes shops online. great prices. i try not too spend too much for little.
Two kinds of people: those who say to God, "Thy will be done," and those to whom God says, "All right, then, have it your way." C.S. Lewis
You know what is bittersweet about running a hat business? I no longer have the time to make hats for myself. ::goes hat-shopping on Etsy::
Make sure to check out Theatre's production of Anton Chekhov's Three Sisters! It opens tonight!!!
Lucy Tacos yum!
Tomorrows finally the last day of west test...
Please pass along
Drafting my fantasy baseball team tonight. Yeah. So there's that.
That's awesome! We're here anytime your even thinking about getting off track! TWEET US WHEN YOU NEED US! YOU CAN DO IT!
neologism of the day: apophstasy - an illuminating commission of agnosticism, belligerent enough to provoke excommunication
My first car, an '86 Mazda 323, had the timing belt snap on it. I thought I was taking good care of that car, too.
Good Morning!
oh yeah! U definitely needa visit me!
I frequently have conversations with people that don't have teeth....
Call 305.567.5764 and leave your mother’s day shout outs for Sunday’s show. Tell your favorite “I’ll always love my mama story” in 2 min.
I made disgusting egg salad sandwiches today, blah....
RT : Special301: "USA urges Brazil to strengthen pending amendments to its copyright law to better protect IPR..."
I need a 'rillo
Smoke a pound!
Brain Hacking gets my vote for most entertaining presentation at #hcfla, but not the most belieavable one :-)
um most likely :/ lol you'll be there !! Right
#vagina monologue
god i hope so
if you think and make a great couple!!!
Dear Lauren's Bed: Can we please get along tonight? Thanks in advance, buddy.
the new album is sick
"You wanna know something? Nobody ever does anything to be nice. They always wanna get something out of it."
I LOVE MY FRIEND <3
Cataloguing the o-gauges this morning. Pay no attention to the woo-woo noises coming from the workroom.
here in #wisconsin we don't just cut heads off giant horse skeletons... we drink beer and tip cows too
I work with museums, and nonprofit performing arts orgs and theatres, but often times my essays could apply to individuals.
Waiting for reception shuttle!
Having a meeting at and forgot they're serving lunch! What a great place.
No need to apologize
Who has FREEDOM in Jesus in this place?!
good luck!
how much does it cost to book Austin for a party?
lol i feel it. Maybe soon but I don't have shit right now.
I think hardest part about being #ntt faculty is that how well you do your job has very little bearing on whether you get to keep it.
Two more years with ! Congrats! You are the hardest working person in showbiz and you deserve this!
You guys totally rock! Thanks for the follow guys. Killer!
in nigeria at the mo' so can't like ur page. tweet me ur bank details so i can do it when i return. ciao!
bye miss you!!
What teachers helped you reach where you are today?
I can probably count on no fingers how many UWM students aren't on some variety of stimulant right now.
Also need to check out! Her Obama essay 'Speaking in Tongues' was great; an accomplished essayist too. Damn her talent.
McDonalds... Your feel good commercials about using 'high' quality ingredients will never get me to eat your food! STOP TRYIN'
I'll be your shower fluffer... (: lmfaooo; that sounds dirty, no?!... I mean, right?!
Gucci mane has the most crustiest lips :^(
Yow. Kickin HuffPo's ass a little.
Congratulations to Katrina and Abdus our new clients. We are looking forward to planning your wedding!
The mall.... Wow
#NIKON would better. Their lenses are 99% interchangable throughout models and years. :)
RT Wondering if is good 4U? Don't miss the 1st Her.mi roundtable w/ , , + more on Fri!
Amplified word of mouth of positive or negative experiences via social media will make or break healthcare orgs. via
Preparing for the worst, hoping for the best
So...whatchyall up to today?
I will look for it and let you know :) I'll be out your way on June 21 and June 22nd btw
i felt like that on thursday night!!! its such a scary feeling O_o
Get up there on the infield and take a line drive to the cock like a real man!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO MY MOMMY!!! LOVE THAT GORGEOUS WOMAN ALWAYS
discontinued because it represented an "under-performing" era.
that moment when you find a rap song u've been looking for for a long time and puttin it on repeat :)))
the #youeverwonder master
happy birthday Geo! thank you for starting the ICONic Boyz and inspiring millions! #MuchLove <3
Eating at Ruby Tuesday :)
Never seen that movie, nor heard of it. Lol
I love you girl
Glad you like Death Sentences! The whole press got behind this one; it was just too weird NOT to take a chance on.
"You know what we should do?" is usually the first thing uttered by a bored teenager whose preparing to do something stupid.
you're welcome(: you are really talented!
I think I've insulted McGinn enough for now. What other public official deserves my ruthless scorn?
Phone aint working till tomorrow. Dammnn thats my life!
ugh #sotired cant believe i stayed up this late..
Hey Ms. Robin :)
That is only true if you held out your hands, full of jumbled coins and said, "I have this many."
morning my love!
Yes! It was fun and good to meet you both f2f. I enjoyed your SM suggestions as well!
My trusty old iMac won't boot beyond the chime. Made my first Genius Bar appointment for tomorrow afternoon.
Dang, I need to go to Walmart but I'm already dressed.
tuesday at 530! Looking forward to a coronita rita!
Time for an ARMS RACE MT : .....I (still) like Fall Out Boy. Come at me, bros.
Damn I missed and too much.
I am in an odd mood. This tweet brought to you by the letter "e" for exhaustion and "s" for stress.
In this world nothing is certain but death and taxes.
one dude got some and the other dudes didn't. isn't that what always happens?
Come join us w/ grand reopening It's not too late for mini treatments, food & tummy bartenders.
Didn't expect rain today. Waking up to it hammering on my roof gives me an intense desire to be out dancing in it in my jammies!
Your campaign slogan made me laugh, very creative.
I can't wait for the fourth of July and the fair!
Hey Jake. Absolutely! I'll email my number to the your gmail.
currently reading Stranded:Rock and Roll for a Deserted Island. 20 writers, 20 essays, on 20 deserted island albums. What are you reading?
Be honorable yourself if you wish to associate with honorable people. - Proverb
why am i still contemplating a nipple piercing lol
You probably think you know where this going, but this ain't one of them kind of songs.
Just got confirmation for my 2009 Doubleback allocation order. Be here in Mar!
MTI Printing their brochures with GSEA Group...who's designing/printing yours?
In Phineas and Ferb, the theme song says, "There's 104 days of summer vacation..." so why is there 121 episodes?!?! MIND = BLOWN.
"Military Under-Reports Incidents Of Afghan Soldiers Shooting At U.S. Troops" #huffpost Because they're so grateful for what we've done!
Thank you !!!
did you mean me? no @ in your message! :)
U a stupid hoe!!
I bs crooked grinded the kinked rail at nani falcone today, im feelin like
Bets on who's out on idol tonight? chiquita banana miss joy or oil rig boy
Sorry about the #Phish setlist feed last night.
First thing Adam said to Eve: "No you do not look fat in your leaf." - Ryan Styles
My son listens to there music. Kind of like B2K for 2011
I have the message sir... You dissed me... Lol
Awwwwyeah my mom bought me a chunky monkey ;D
Think of Rajon Rondo in his early games...
Ima stay focused and give em more reasons to hate and make up more shit to say about me.
Good..Dont Lose Her Like I Lost Mine SMH
remembered me and and gave me so many hugs and told Dylan that he met me before
No matter what youll be my best friend no matter how distant we get, youve always been there for me. Even though we seem to be replacing :/
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.- Muhammad Ali
How's the Swiss International Congress on Anti Aging Medicine & Surgery? Is Geneva as beautiful as I imagine?
My bed and I have a great relationship, we sleep together every night. (;
Hey! I'm going to be in your area today around noon. Want to grab coffee? I'm around later in the day too.
bacon the 13th
#YouWereCuteUntil you started acting stupid on purpose
The TSA just managed to find a corkscrew with a knife in my carry on. I didn't even know it was there!
hungry. I want Pancakes and Bacon!
Thanks! I hate those bugs, pain when on the lake. I already had my first tick bite of the year.
WOW! I haven't been on here in awhile! I need your guys help... Name your favorite celeb!
I'm going to use that month off to my advantage. All the doubters will
All the super freak nasty ppl startin to get on twitter now fuckin horny bastards.
Big day for the #SDSU #Aztecs ! Come on red and black!
how do we get the nox server to show up in the client? ò_ô
already added it, but it's competing with 3 other sessions already... :o
absolutely! will be interesting to follow its opening!
My husband had to call customer service Friday night and they were difficult to deal with. Things have been resolved but not pleased.
You're right though. To win a championship, the entire team has to play at a high level.
Atlanta I know it's raining, but honestly... I like it wet.
That reggae goes perfect with the warm weather we've been having. Now I'm compelled to dig into my music archives for more.
You're my fav outside of MN. Alfonso is my fav here.
mirror pic soon
Very true! But he's not a historically poor 4th qtr player...only one bad series last year vs #Mavericks. Hope all is well!
Wuts wrong?D:
Come visit us at SF9 @ #ICSC #RECon We will be discussing 1031 exchanges and raising capital using
New Thundercats premiere was amazing. For serious.
haha Carl, you dont even know how ruthless haha
3 Back End Profit Centers MOST Home Based Business Owners Ignore (But YOU Won't) Who else is struggling to figure out what to sell? Do yo
Hehe Thanks!! :D Yeah you're right pey looks sexy and spencer face is cute <3 luv them
thanks, sir!
getting into a good college..am i dreaming?
There's hardly anyone in the office, but it's strange to think on the other side of the wall are hundreds of students, sweating out finals.
I wonder how someone would react if I sent them mad one letter texts!! I'm gonna try it 😂
It's been a long week lol
The alphabet starts with ABC. Numbers start with 123. And my inspiration starts with JDB. ♥
Just wanted to let you know that your phone loves you♥
Next ticket I gotta buy is for the KISS/Motley Crue tour......that one is gonna cost me a good chunk of cash. Oh well, so worth it :)
okay works for me
The LACK of money is the root of all evil!
new cash cown song ft cap1 racks n bands listen to it here
omg same! How old r u an ur hot lol
But needs a win. You couldn't go easy on him?
when did we decide as a society that mac n cheese is the greatest meal ever? lets face it y'all, the cheese comes in a box as powder :/ haha
sexy strange one though
You'll be fine! :-) The end of the week will be a lot better!
have got to hammer out the last 10 pgs of this new fiction piece today. Surprisingly a little sunshine might help.
Turns out I need a ball gown. Where the hell is my fairy godmother?
Had a 5year old tell me today ...ain't today Saturday...I sad yes ...he said o ya yall go dumb on Saturday's ....all I could do is lol
Roberta Flack on Kevin Costner to CNN, "they let Whitey speak at Whitney's funeral."
iknoww huh lol how you been, what classed you taking?
Both. Then again, my high school was overseas so it's always something I mention.
Had a great session last night with my mentor, I learned some audition techniques for commericals- Enjoying the actor's life!
33 more days until the half marathon... Win or lose we still booze ! Good job on 5 tonight!
Well, almost "do or die" time. Don't think I've ever been so nervous in my life!
ok so VIP Packages for Mindless Behavior didnt sell all out today during the presale?
I should stop texting the whole world & get my ass to sleep. Lol Can't wait to see my baby tomorrow even tho I got school first ;*
#WhyDoiAlways have so many inside jokes with
It's Douchebag Saturday at urbanpessimist.com! Watch for articles throughout the day
Dinner with some fab. gals hello margs!
Take the plunge: I have the Momitsu 799 and have enjoyed Masters of Cinema Blu-rays for years.
It's the thought of warm breast milk hitting the back of my throat that's the turn off. I'm more of an orange juice guy.
Big thanks to my boy for the TOTD. Thank you my good man
I am FOILing whilest finding the antiderivative in my head and you dont even write it down!
anxiously awaiting 10a,
January is Unchain a Dog Month. Allow your best friend inside, where they are safest and happiest!
Motorola FTL. Charging/battery, or screen?
RT He who gets up one more time than he falls, makes it through.
I try
?? You OK over there? Don't make me airlift some Swedish fish.
I'm almost done(: 3 more questions!
must repeat this to myself!
Simply starting your project forces decisions & narrows focus, which frees you to do your best and most creative work. Just start. 3 of 3
Sponsorship "game" has changed...If you want to know how...let me know!
SEO Consult® Announce Online Marketing Partnership With Virgin Balloon Flights
afternoon buddy
Ooh. And they have wifi up here at the visitors center! Win.
Thank God for this warmup, I'm so ready for springtime I can't wait to start going to the park for bball.
Got home from Nap at about midnight and I'm the only one awake at work.
Y'all are missing some really good music.
I am thinking maybe Wade Phillips can apply for the Colorado FB job.
Thank you for the kind words!
on their head.
More than most journals do in a year... RT So, PLoS ONE, did you really mean to publish 172 papers in one day?
then give it up haha
Yep, it's time for a change. ALL SYSTEMS GO!!!!
I agree. Take Lewin's elegant equation B(f) P+E behavior is a function of the person and the environment.
I grew up mostly broke, so my selection of higher education institutions was very limited.
Q6 Creativity, as a skill, is in demand, but traditional schools stifle it. What can we do to change this?
yes I did is there a problem or is somebody scared?
Can't wait to go home! I hate FCAT.
Thank you for the generous gift and lovely card. I enjoyed reading all of the messages. It was an honor to serve and I loved it!
When determination drives you failure is not an option.
oh, ok (: doesn't it like hurt ur hair or something though?
Buy a Forward Fabrics shirt and I promise the Brewers won't lose tonight.
#thingsisaidinthe90s I like today's music
Some social services, like substance abuse treatment, save tremendous amount of costs. Several major studies prove this.
The one night i dont go to tango is there
Q: Do you support changing the City’s water fee structure so that it encourages conservation and discourages waste?
i only get to look at it everyday haha, its not mine, I wish though haha
everythang u dunn done to me, I already dunn done to u. Lmao
This weekend is gonna be full of skiing, swimming, water fights, and candy! Cant wait. Weird mix... Ikk :)
#zipsters check us out tomorrow to see how to enter our BMW contest and win a free ride!!
new chris brown rihanna remix turn up the music remix is sick!!!!
You got it. Next week - I'll be there.
Making Cookies
My mom going to say that i need to join this basketball league, go to college and make her some money in the NBA lol.... she #Ratchet? o___O
cause im hungry as shit
Give me one good reason why you thought it was appropriate to wear a heavy sweatshirt and scarf today. Just one. I can wait.
I burned my head with the flat iron -_____-
Thanks for sharing our post with your followers. :) Hopefully it helps slow this scam down!
wait for :D returns tonite cant wait ive missed him so much
i wuzn't trying 2 be funny u know??:|
You can see a comparison of the tank's condition via my twitter feed.
Good luck at school! Hope you stay awake. Love ya, but I'm going to bed now.
Especially bad when my deadline was yesterday :(
Tuesday....Tonic...,Tonic.....Tuesday. College night! Ladies free till 10:30p. in the mix. 18+ to party.
Hey sweetie how your day so what you been up too I hope you have a great day
Pacers head to MIA to #BeatTheHeat and Andy Pettitte makes his return to the Yankee line-up. Today is going to be a great day.
#FF for top notch photos ( and tons of info about photography )
AP: Karzai says postwar agreement will seal 'equal partnership' between Afghanistan, United States.
Taking care of multiple business meetings tonight, and having a GGC team meeting to get on track for the up coming months!
grab somebody sexy tell em HEY
follow please
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Blueberry Topping 4.09 / 5 Stars | 9 Reviews by Ellen Wojdyla "A versatile and easy to make blueberry sauce." Vi
So 3 people in a row said something about "pop that pussy" on my TL...
ShindigTarot.com offers readings by some of the worlds leading #Tarot readers. Try it out, with video chat, virtual table and decks!
RT : All my musician followers follow ! He's a #genius Thanks sir!!
At Deagan's for the last bike night of the year
Rep. Say they want it but are never happy.
that movie looks so good!
A perpendicular expression of a horizontal desire. ~George Bernard Shaw
I love you :)
Pics from SD FBLA & DECA 2011 Fall Leadership Conference are on facebook. Search FOCUS (ALL CAPS) Training, like the page, click on photos.
Thanks for the RT !
Every penny counts!
Drinking black coffee. would be proud.
whens the new cd coming out
Happy Assistant's Day to all of you assistants today! Today is your day! : )
Sounds like a plan. Enjoy.
“: Wish I was chillin at Overton Park today . #Memphis”
never got #TheWantedInWisconsin trending. kinda upset but life goes on. welcome to wisconsin #TheWantedInWisconsin :)
..dang, good pic!
Where are you rolling around to here in Lex? You should Stop by 1423 Audubon Ave and play some ball! #retweet?
Possibly 3 days left of school instead of 13
FYI, sixth granny of career for #Rockies Helton. Second pinch-hit homer of career.
I wish I was in college already..
Great to talk - excited for where you are headed!
With no Internet/email/phone, time for a lot of in person meetings today. First up, Make a Difference Wisconsin Exec. Dir. Brenda Campbell.
Nothing says "crap" like an empty box of Bunny Grahams.
It worked! Thanks for video.
I need some more friends on this, back on Twitter after being gone for over a year
being on meds sucks.
Ping pong party
you better;) you too james!
RT : agreed! We need to teach our students how to authentically reflect on their work.
Now its working. Ok Does that do the trick for you? Haha
This Friday the 13th, join us at Sean O' Callaghan's for a boondoggle of mind-boggling soul joggling.
..have worked IF the local communities took advantage of Act 10. WI's fiscal house is finally in order. He took on a tough issue head-on.
Not sure why some of my tweets are sent out a day later.
Details, details. Lets not get caught up in little things like "words".
lmao shut up! Good thing you're not showing the pic of your yaya yesterday..
VisualWebsiteOptimizer = my new "crack" Kills Google's WSO. Install just 1 Code!
It is customary and kind to tip your artist for work well done!
J. W. Schopf~ For four-fifths of our history our planet was populated by pond scum.
Happy New Year! May 2012 be all that you expect it to be!
Hey, I watched the trailer for your book. Looks fun!
If a pig knows karate, does that make him a pork chop?
Congratulations to Gwen Johnson for receiving the MBA of the Year Award for the Milwaukee Chapter!
Thanks for the follow!
#ThatHeartBreakingMoment when you realize it's never going to be the same between you and your ex that you still love.
RT : Looking forward to tonight! See u there
It makes sense to figure out what is under your control and focus on that. Right?
So there's this boy. And he thinks i'm beautiful. And i think he's amazing.
All those pregnant women!
I love hanging out with you too!:) today is Sunday!! I'm already nervous!!
When J. Cole made In The Morning, he must have forgot about morning breath.
The next few weeks of teaching are all #modernism all of the time.
Thats what Colts fans said a year ago about Peyton RT : But I don't see Joe getting injured he usually plays through the pain
<3 #ShakeItRecords, but there r tiny record stores in Cincy/KY that mostly sell vinyl & finding them is half the fun :)
by head, I totally meant hear!
like since when do we reward treachery with tax breaks? omg.
imy too! You know I'm here for you.... Keep your head up..... Things will get better soon
Raring to go is my goal in life,not yet achieved! LOL,Soon,I will get there.Dr. sending me for Sono of Thyroid Glad,ugh
All I have is a dollar and a dream.
Mega-stars should take the Derek Jeter approach. Bang 'em all. Settle with none. Lest anyone learned from McNair.
If the Chargers win, we get the Village Voice/NYT and the SD Reader (and its staff) and the UT get sent to NYC.
So turns out the creators of the chive are from bishop dwenger
but the "pixel density" would still be too low to be retina display would it not?
Sunset behind the palm trees Friday night in Las Vegas!
Busche & Bowyer battling it out NASCAR World Camping Truck Series
I am going to get you a green shirt XD
I only have 140 characters! Sheesh! =)
Be sure to cheer for my Lady Vols, ok!
Explanation, should have been #FWV, Friday' With Vistage. Ugh. Can't type worth a dang.
does he have a single friend for me?
Omg Your So Adorablee! Cant Wait Till Friday With
This-> Embarrassing! : See? For shame if you sold your tickets to UK fans
I've officially been made sad.
Wish I could leave my house 
hating is the scincerst form of flattering.
Dear candidates what do believe the Mayor's role should be in developing and supporting LA's cultural infrastructure?
#DiddyGethard makes me believe #saveNBCBFF could work.
Favorite commercial so far, Gillette man grooming tool.
do I know you from tumblr?
idk maybe they already tied once.. Yea english media trippin but it is manU not just any other club
Some of those earpieces are so hard to see that it looks like the people are walking down the street talking to themselves
I thought it was because of the me and
CheeseCake Factory Sunday Brunch........ Gotta love it
I think being a blogger's kinda sexy now, don't you think? I'm always intrigued when someone says they're a blogger.
What do lightning bolts do when they laugh?-They crack up
I need a new set of friends
Gonna choreograph to calm myself when I get home.
Finals is going to be the death of me My autopsy will say "cause of death:Biology overload"And here I was hoping it would say something cool
The news said we've got a rather large coyote population in the city of Chicago - found some coyote pups - so cute.
Hey there Mac gurus- I am trying to design some t-shirts, is there a program on Mac that I should use?
Hope everyone is having a great Monday.
Turns out going the the Irish pub for beers at 8am today for wasnt a good idea
RT : RT : Only 1 days left to enter our Spring NW Start-up DEMO! Showcase your new product or company, send in your...
881 stocks in the green, 2274 stocks in the red, 767 unchanged.
funniest set of tweets i've seen in a while!
the grizzlies game reminds me of the tigers last game.
RT : 2 World Series, a Super Bowl, 2 Final Fours, multiple other NCAA tournaments, Game 163, and that's just a start.
Well, both haha wrestling cures sickness, proven fact ;D
You seen that authentic Greek restaurant sign hanging in Harbor East? Its been named Ouzo Bay & will be opening soon!
You know, I better check! She's probably done with Bon Iver, so maybe Gotye can't be far behind.
A student on a scavenger hunt has to find a library book w/an interrobang in it. Got a title for her?
Congrats on that. You are maturing right in front of us.
MT When #Mizzou left B12 Frank Martin discussed conf getting better & rid of whiners
who are you again?
RT : Happy birthday vixen! Wishing you health, happiness & more success!
I hope TCU goes down, Patterson is a dick.
EEK! Work in the morning..blahh.. night twitter
He always knows how to put a smile on my face ☺
IIRC, Brazil in particular has something like 150 options for racial identification on their census. We have....five? six?
did everyone just suddenly love the little mermaid out of no where or?
Wearing white jeans garners so many more "good night miss"s
Great day. Got some practice in on the range, now it's time for a good workout and meal.
why not celebrate two days lol it comes once a year :)
yesterday was my Birthday I'm 14 now
damn i forgot i still have to iron
A nice #CalvinKlien tux and charcoal grey stripped suit will soon be joining my collection.
RT : Colleagues at Class CNBC say Italy and France market watchdogs will announce short selling ban after market close. .
happy #FF it is so nice to share the twitterverse with you!
Most definitely, one of my favorite ETC lunches when they came in and told it.
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing mothers out there!
I'm about too go see
Hey what mouse walks on 2 feet? (Mickey Mouse) What duck walks on 2 feet? Reply to tell me your answer and ill let you know if you are right
Gotta work dis morning ugh!
you ain't no good , but ya feel so good .
Seeing Potbelly and Buca di Beppo in a travel guidebook seems weird. I can't be the only one who tries to break away from chains on vacay.
Cool...R u coming 2 my party after the club !!!????
Just wrote another remix! haha. Where's my grammy?
Students at Romney lecture have been riveted to their seats. That's how they stay upright and in place!
We used to have great transit in Madison, but I had to buy a car 12 years ago b/c it had been gutted so badly.
Being in this barbershop you could learn spanish, lol.
Congrats... we gotta celebrate your accomplishments on warped tour ;-)
1D continue to stress me out, i love you, but I'm gonna have gray hair by the time I'm 18.
Anyone have an extra Radiohead ticket for DC in June?
Also want some seafood...
True story: I get motion sickness from doing newspapers on microfilm. I have to take dramamine.
Heat 1: Stockon comes to a stop in turn 2 bringing out the yellow.
The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse all want to be the Carrie of the group
lol. i hope your wifi dies, bitch.
Thank the universe for your amazing life!
Baby who you tryna fool?
#RememberHow we used to love eachother , the way you told me that you could never love another 
Interesting that Geraldo Rivera doesn't understand that latinos might be more likely to be searched or on the no-fly list.
I was gonna play softball last summer but I met my bf right as the season was starting and I never made it to first practice
Watched the first 2 episodes and thought it was pretty good. But I think Im in a comedy mood. Watching Lillyhammer now...
Jim Farley goes from writing sound about making out in the rain to passing out in the rain
Kirkland friends - stop by The Woodmark Hotel tomorrow night at 6:00. Free appetizers, a book signing, wine, and a gorgeous view.
is the game at 2 or 3? My phone won't list the time zone
yeah I'm 18 and I am a little nervous...but mostly excited!
What a great time @ freshman formal!
heard u already got some customers too. Haha emily
Yay! I have a hair straightener!
Jeannine Morber () "Social media is about people, not technology". Indeed!
"People often confuse recognition for acceptance. If you hear and see something enough times, you begin to think that you like it."
so hard to revision it
Meet , author of An Overview of the Changing Role of the Systems Librarian (bit.ly/9Az9wh), at #CIL booth 430!
today is my birthday, can i get a shout out?
d-wade is doing his best jon lucas impersonation right now
Navy says Naval Station Norfolk will close Gate 3A on weekends beginning Friday, May 18. So, don't go that way
I'm a little worried about this employment law sing along. Here it goes...
God didn't give me the ability to always make right decisions, but He has enabled me to make a decision and then make it right..
another amazing day with him :) ...im so worried about Erik though..
felt the earthquake on 65th and 2nd
What can we do here on Facebook to make your Summer better?
you really need back to break down this Tebow race factor. Nobody breaks it down better.
Good luck- does he play chess?
RT : #seattlepd Riding around the Pike/Pine area talking with different business owners. Rain and wind are keeping people inside.
that's the spirit!
Defendant Mickey Wagstaff is staring expressionlessly at the judge as the jury instructions are read. Opening stmnts up next.
I'm shopping...literally
hard when your team loses, but there are some great upsets today
YAY such perfect timing! Happy Birthday!
CSEA and Nassau County agree to provide an incentive for employees to leave their jobs early.
Kentucky next weekend, I'm so ready!!!
Yes - that's what I've got down! See you then :)
Besides me..... #Who UP
Participant at conference: Nancy Roberts, a professor from University of
break a leg! Sorry I can't be there :( I know you will be wonderful!
Today is Earth Day; let's all maintain awareness that it's all about symbiotic interdependence. We're here 'together'.
Certainly, they need to get younger. And going to lose Briggs as well. But -good- enough to win, but offense was INEPT!
TRAFFIC sucks! Seriously moved 2 miles over the last 45 minutes
RT Gr8 meeting up w -- a stellar man and aspiring actor > thnks Brian! Every wknd u challenge me 2 b a better Human Being
I'm going to take a shower.
14 hours at work, almost skipped the gym. Went anyway, new PR on Leg Press 1325lbs for 3 reps. This is what #SWOL is all about!
Casual sunday night funday
Coming up at 5pm on #ThrowbackThursdays w/ the homie
Thanks for the tweet and the photo piracy permission!
Fixin' to grub on some Staxx BBQ in Frankfort with 3 oldest tail-pullers (Caleb, Meghan, Max)
lol i was up with my slow ass boyfriend...
The podcast is great!! Thanks for doing projects like this! Now I have something I'm excited to listen to while I run!
My fingers are so cold I can't feel them.
": Drinking a French Vanilla mocha coffee and eating 2 blueberry Muffins ;-)" u gone turn into a muffin lol love u
Paris with the Parents!! Can't get much better than that!
By His stripes we are healed.
i agree suburgatory is the best
Every time I see a photo of the shuttle getting a piggyback ride by a jet, I'm surprised it works. Doesn't seem like that should fly.
are you and the boys gonna go to 's show on the 11th? I would love to hang out again! (:
Wish I would have said hi to you!
Just saw a cyan Lumia 900 in the wild. Holy crap.
You Can Tell In The First 5 Minutes Of Meeting Someone Whether Or Not You Will Dread Seeing Them Again.
sounds like a plan :) I am still rearranging.. it's great to have the ability to organize so many levels of people :)
Seek the friend who's hand helped you and tell them what they mean to you.
Grrrrr. Bike thieves are THE worst. Bummer :(
Quite a motley crew at octopharma today, as well as a surplus of byx guys
Girls night tonight!
By no means does bankruptcy mean broke!! It means u need to reorganize ur debt, but sometimes to even be in that situation means tht ur the
i hate whn ppl say dey gonna do sumthin and whn its time for them to do it they dont even pic up da phone...mood:
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset When I'm taken as a joke.
Not sleeping tonight again, need to look like the character for my big audition tmr
is khiems a restaurant here in Cleveland? I'm not aware of any Vietnamese restaurant besides superior pho
So over this weather
Felt like someone needs this today~ "...do not fear, for I am with you...I will strengthen you and help you..." Is. 41:10 Help is here:)
I made it through my moms birthday and mothers day without too many tears. Things are starting to look right in my life 👍
this world is made up of ppl who will manipulate u if u permit. Get to know who u are n what u stand for.
Okay, I'll give you that, shatt *is* adorable. RT My mother partyy bout cute as shattt
How magical! Really enjoyed your contribution 2the show btw! Very entertaining! If you ever need another diver let me know.
Its such a beautiful day! On my way to the park #FIRSTLADIES we couldn't have pick a better day for our Crawfish Broil!!!
When your dad tells you the only reason he bought really good speakers was because they feel good when your blasted...
Hey, did anyone order a Windows Phone 7 device from #microsoftstore for a $0.01 back in June?
OMG!!! Big Time Rush is having a concert in #Vermont this summer!
Oh and I can send you pictures of what my book had. It's Jace's perspective of the alley scene from the 4th book & I took (c)
It's not, but I was hammered when I tweeted it....actually still drunk.
Finish these guys!
the name sounds familiar
Loving the passion and prompt time line haha!
gaah so jealous. Enz says to get her an autograph from someone lmao. Have fun hun
|#quotes We are taught to understand, correctly, that courage is not the absence of fear, but the capacity for action despite our fears.
Speaking to a Professional Practices class at Cornish this afternoon - just finished putting together my slides.
Hello Jeff! Thank you for the follow! I enjoy connecting with other Sacramentans!
are they super fem gays? Hahaha!! I can only imagine what that game of call of duty is like. I would b confused too. Lol!
aw yall up a little.. Cab is smooth tho.. Once you on the strip you aint gonna want to leave it.. Er'body on it lol
I don't know what happened to common sense and intelligence. And I don't know if I should worry or laugh.
Thanks for the RT!
This game.
The more someone looks like us the more we are likely to help them, scientist find
Why? Why are the Taco Time tweets being highlighted for me? WHY?
knew that! Love you
It's been done before in one year. So why not next year? Don't matter how crappy they were this year. Next year!
3 Pieces His & Hers, 925 Sterling Silver Rhodium Plated & Titanium Matching Engagement Wedding Bridal Ring Set. AVAILABLE SIZES men ’s 7,
Qualls better save this fucking game! Give lee the win already!
I am the liquor tonight, that I confiscate
Real men don't wear PINK, they EAT it ;) x
LETS DO IT HAHAHAHAHA
i just watched a video on how olive oil is bottled...it was a HEADLINE on the fresno abc station's site. HEADLINE.
If you cannot attend the #ESD #Engineering & #Tech #Job Fair,today, email me your resume at so we can chat.
go for it girl! I am thinking short shorts and some of those furry leg covers. A little too curvy for just bra top but inspired
Obama: Proposing every state require that all students stay in high school until they graduate or turn 18. #SOTU. How would AK enforce that?
The Heart of your Troubles is about to stop beating. Jesus is ready to pull the plug.#StandStrong. Nite:)
How are you?
Welcome to Twitter GB.
The colts pick a QB with the 1st overall pick and the last pick is a QB
only for 4S
that's when i'd really flip! lol
": #NP RIP RAJA!!!!! RIP RAJA FREE BRIE I LOVE BOTH U NIGGAS" <--- I just checked up on bruh case
I am so frickin antsy to start LCSW supervision. omgomgomg. Can't wait till there is a social worker to talk to at work :)
Just did the math. The volume of content posted to Twitter (text only) in one day is equivalent to the amount of text in 1,624 bibles.
thx for giving it a try, Paul. we're aware of all the bugs and work on fixing them.
what time do you wanna go ?
#OTRC is like the Insincerity Olympics.
I feel like the sleepiest girl in the world. Hope I crash super hard tonight!!
No, but I'll take whatever he can give us.
It's still surreal that the B's took the Cup! Unfortunately, I missed the game as I'm still in Austin. Let's hope they repeat!!
if there's a devil , than there must be a GOD .
have you looked into a pell grant?
I think many Oregonians of a certain age will answer readily picking fruit or veggies on a farm; mine was picking beans.
indeed! And thx for the follow !
LOOKING FORWARD TOITALIAN FESTIVAL THIS WEEKEND. COME AND LETS PAINT ROCHESTER RED WITH LOTS OF ITALIAN VINO! COME AND JOIN ME !!!LOTS OFFUN
asked last night for council update on demolition of South Bay Power Plant. Looks like owner Dynegy's going bankrupt.
I do think Nic Batum is just trying to gain leverage by stating he will sign with the first team that offers him a contract.
RT RT : "A non-writing writer is a monster courting insanity."— Franz Kafka
No judgments, I'm an anthropologist too. You do what you gotta do to get the sausage made, so to speak :)
headed to Rorschach's Northern Annex
Sex Goddess!!!
Cry if you want to, but i cant stay to watch you. Thats the wrong thing to do. Talk if you need to but I can't stay to hear you.
As a woman I have conflicted feelings about her as well. :(
Tomorrow are two BIG baseball games for us! Need to win them both!
√Alive + √Blessed + √Free = Thanks To God
you're one of those people!
where you going? :o
bring me my ciiigs!
All great things are simple, and many can be expressed in single words: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.
In the studio quite a bit.Need to get out.
GM TWITTER PPL ugh at skool posted til class startz
Wow. I got double-mentioned. Thanks! :)
<3 U RT : Happy valentines day to my Favs at ! Luv you guys so much!
Heading to Plymouth, WI on Saturday night ! Playing at Wild Shots, cheers !! 9pm
thanks for the clarification - yah, there are BUYERS out there, and sellers too...what recession???
FRIDAY MARCH 9th at , Copperheads/Chapter24/White Mystery/Night Beats! RT and tell all yer friends, you won't wanna miss it!
Girl at the cougar walk needs to get better at making mexican bowls, especially since its her job, I intentionally avoid her if I can.
“Music is the mediator between the life of the senses and the life of the spirit.” Beethoven (1770-1827
Hey here's some lacrosse news for you. North Carolina upsets No. 1 John Hopkins 13-9.
Good morning Austin. How is your morning so far?
Are you trying to get the man in trouble?
Being active in social media is important in building blog traffic!! Woohoo!
#Austin I will follow back. Plus you can have a Latino as one of your required friends to be consider a diverse person. =)
Answer and win 2 spots for the price of one to this Saturday GIRLS NIGHT OUT class!
I've been changing the wikipedia entry for Cinco de Mayo to a big question mark.
Tip to #c21nonhuman: If lunch isn't being provided for you today, think about bringing it &/or snacks. Food at UWM is scarce on Sat.
i hope you feel better, p.s i'm a friend of jade's :) <3
we r doing class! Semi finals at the weekend against milton keynes. We beat liverpool 2-1, nd birmingham nd then lymm on
Am selling a domain name I bought 12 hours ago to pay for a plane ticket to Mexico this summer! What a great day.
Thanks for the follow! Keep us in mind if you or your friends need a Boston area Realtor. :)
#Artfact- Rembrandt was 1 of 5 children; He was the only child his parents felt was fit to educate.
$50 includes All you can eat crabs, buffet, and beer
ask mrs goodman wat she thinks about me
so i made a bunch of red velvet cupcakes...and when i say a bunch, i mean too many.
I'm glad I got to spend some time with you today
Hi I have no phone right now!
RT I need to see if Rope-Lite is strong enough for a noose. I want the people who find my body to fully enjoy the fog mach...
Obligatory post to keep things shakin'. Been dealing with trademark issues and the wonders of the legal world. Fascinatingly depressing.
Just say the #Sparkle trailer. Imma go see it w/
Really, why? I think I'm surprised, since they don't have a very distinct flavor at all.
My wife saw Dominique Sachse at lunch today. Her verdict: jawdroppingly beautiful.
Proxy Heaven - Protect your Privacy: 02-05-12 | [Update] US Socks ...
Aww look at all the kids coming back from prom, I wish I could go back in time and go again! #NOT!
Time to start heading to your mission spots! Zombies to engineering tech and Humans to memorial circle
I only want to see #starwars in 3D if it seems like I am making out with Hans Solo.
Sometimes a bike ride is just the only thing that helps.
Personally... I liked the most recent Indiana jones movie.
Did you see the missprint by NHL network last night?
well, he IS black Manu. With better overall hair, face AND head.
lol wait is that sarcasm
Kobe has that Black Mamba Look...everybody on the Laker Squad need to Man-up and Let's Get this Win!
officially checking out...for now. Gotta get something under my belt--Good night to those of you on opposite ends of the earth ;-)
RT : Support integrating the #arts in #education. Arts help teach analytical, creative & strategic thinking.
You make the call, you're the leader! (for now... *snickers deviously*)
lets get our fitness on bitch:)
- How wee gnee get there ?
J&B Plumbing & Sewer Repair 5 5 Professional! They were very professional and showed a great attention to detail! I am very impressed wi
watching a movie till my saucy little meatball gets off work.
I feel tha same way
Any newsperson criticizing Perry needs to post their blooper reels cause they've all got one!
drench'd in a maniac's apparel...
So happy to be inside on the couch where it's warm and not trudging through the snow to get to mgmt class. Snow days rock! :)
relaxing night! =)
hehehe! you're welcome! hehehe! lets have another day like this again. ;)
thank you for staying in Indy to perform at the Memorial Ceremony . Shows the type of person you are. Thank u!
Thanks for the follow, Sarah. Look forward to your tweets.
That amazing moment when you realise its Monday which means YouNow' on!! <3
hahaha funny you say that. Thats what i made for dinner... your loss!
Let's hope I'm moving by the end of this week... 😥👎
Holy suds, Bernie! Corey Hart is on FIAH!!!! Your butt's gonna burn a lot this year!
RT WI marathon & half-marathon runners: Visit the Team Challenge tent at finish to buy some celebratory post-race cupcakes!
Is 30 Rock really being canceled?
I'm saying you guys can share my copy forever because I'll never play it & appreciate it as much as you two haha
well this guarantees you some gold bricks to heaven.
Omg wut did I miss!
just a floating pyramid...maybe a floating mountain?
will be visiting your casino & Tripple 7's Pub Saturday night for the first time with friends. We are all coming from MN.
Thanks for the #ff love!
Looking for independent music/entertainment publicist for new biz opportunity.
Need a Lawyer; or Want one on Hand bc trouble finds you or get pulled over ? You can go here too : www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95
BTW our team loves Twilio. Saw your company's API talk at Gluecon earlier this year (we were there as a sponsor).
That's something I'd have to pray and fast on.
Bring on The Amazing Spider-Man and The Dark Knight Rises!
Happy February
"Stay hungry, stay foolish" -
lol I'm not turning down Starbucks haha but yeah ill be in my splint for 10 days after then I'll be back to normal
u lost without me bro <3
thanks for the clarification on the correct "Madison".
Thank you for following. See you this year
Would like to get you on Yahoo Sports Radio on Saturday morning at 10:30 Central. Available? Follow & DM me if you are Chris
Limit red meat and have more lean protein and fish
RT SAA is the SXSW of the archives and library conference circuits! / Love that comparison. Hipper shushers indeed!
my mom: i choke you you with tender love and care. my mom lol
oh my god... my body is ready XD lmao. ahha, guess what?! :)
Thanks - we appreciate that! Feel free to email me your company info for my clients at, :) thx!
Hudson got a sad face for talking in class.His excuse"my brain messed up.It was in the purple pipe" I don't know what that means.
Very sad news to hear Milwaukee media journalist Tim Cuprisin has passed away. Always enjoyed reading him.
Chgo #Metra Rock Island currently in announcement-overlap hell. Entire trip. "Captive" audience != permission for lazy, annoying, awful.
I am making pancakes and watching spongebob, my life is a waste of youth
i forgot your invitation :/
At sparklin image
Love to connect for coffee sometime. A lot going on and some opportunities to discuss.
Anyone else feel like the D1 tourney is incomplete this year because Stew Morrill & Utah State aren't in it?
Positive by day negative by night , fooling people with a smile ready to frown
Ifunny makes me lazy
My bracket looks ugly. But my final four is still intact.
FRI Dinner Salad Special: Baby Mixed Greens with Diced Avocado, Coriander Seared Shrimp, Citrus Supremes, Riesling Gastrique
We love mom-invented products. Who better to know how to solve mom problems? Check out for a great selection.
you text-ed me fool. And I can't text back because of my nails. don't embarrass me on here please anywhere but here!
Styles How That Work
I feel so guilty about canceling Josie's super nice doggy nanny who loves her even though I'll be home all of July.
So glad you enjoyed yesterday! Thx for coming out. #LALA cc
lol i might have too lol but depends you know :/
Women's expo at Cashman Field today 9-5 Washington & LV Blvd. Come see us!
USA downs Belarus 5-3, out shooting them 36-26 today at the Worlds. US goals by Abdelkader, Atkinson, Thompson, Ryan & Stastny.
Need a laugh? No questions then, just dial (719) 266-2837. Don't worry, you're safe for work.
Cant wait to hang out.. We can all do a show together maybe!
happy hump day:)
Anger #A DUBIOUS luxury!
Heard you're coming back, is it true? ;o
Haha - it depends on which album. Overall, I agree though: NIN is much more conducive to data analysis than writing reports.
RT : "There is only one moment in time when it is essential to awaken. That moment is now." - Buddha
thanks for the follow and keep adding value every day.
your pic looks cool:)
get some Jimmyts bbq there. Best sauce in the world
#FridayReads THE NIGHT CIRCUS by Eric Morgenstern
Hope you have a great today<33(: Love you! Xox😘
Finally laying down, and it feels so good.
Happy Thursday :D
Lots of work to do this week. Friday Match 30 grand opening!
You're very welcome :D
Thank you 14th St. in Columbia Heights for your delicious and generous donation of coffee to our volunteers last Saturday!
with your help we will create a product that exemplifies your brand of empowerment, self sufficiency and excellence
Stupid Broncos!
Back to the Grind
I used to go to the Herkimer but you have to arrive an hour early to get a seat. I went to Tailgate (60th & Nicollet) 2 weeks ago
That switch defensively (Kobe on Lawson) made a big difference. Slowed Lawson dwn late in the game.
A reminder that it's #LadiesNight from 9-11PM at Grazie! The party is on... all ladies drink for FREE! See you tonight.
' new logo was "unlocking the siren from the circle"
I was a momma slapper today lol
can it experiment?
Just left gym got my run on
My friend Derrick is making his debut as Mustafa on Broadway today. I'm ridiculously proud of him.
Heyy ppl this is a.k.a velia just wanted to say that my big sis is AWESOME and I love her!;D
ok,and that is true
fun fact: i was born on mothers day on may 10, 1998. pretty awesome present huh? ;)
just now gettin home. fuck the F train
not true I'm here. No arrests
Started my 500 brisket last night, it'll be done before we go green I'll keep it off my Menard shirt, I promise!
*minuscule not miniscule
Doing a beautiful hike at marin headlands!
Il take rickie weeks to win the derby
Slammin. Wednesday. Winky face. Madison i hope you're talking about slammin in my bed.
Ahahahaha U Asked For It Mr.
#FF love to some of our favorite women! and
Not better, just better behaved.
& , will you be at the game today? Look for who is our game tickets winner!
“: seen some of the videos you tweeted, thought they were hilarious, I would definitely buy tix.” Thx! :)
THANKS To all our new followers! Every 100 followers I'll do a drawing for Free Passes and a Free Lap Dances! So SPREAD the word!
this show is getting really good. i can't wait for next week!
Call the local stations tell them to pull #BoycottRush Limbaugh save money & replace w/ #Huckabee & not hate & bigotry!
RT -Amazing animals-Great inspirational video-Turning disappointment into joy:From Service...
I love it! Awesome.
Oh, fuck you, boss.
Oh yeah, that was for my Red Bull Music Academy event + showcase. We'll prob do another kind of event like that this summer.
Art is a lie that makes us realize truth. — Pablo Picasso
Somtimes you have to put ursef throu hell to get what you want sometimes its a walk in the part but no matter what, Fight for what you want
no u didn't u didn't follow me again :/ and u can't cut and paste dude
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadows. -Helen Keller
Check out i think you'd find it interesting.
tell your daughter I have a big surprise for her on Wed. ;)
No such thing as a "hand out" with me. I earn what I need, take what I want, and leave y'all with the rest~iQ
I have never sweat so much in my whole life
Our Hibachis will be fired up for your Halloween enjoyment all day!!
o yea bitch the only thang dirty is yo big pussy tighten up slut learn to close ur legs & mouth
what type of bitch would I be to hold you up!?, you need someone to hold you down!
#walkingdead turning up the zombie heat..
yepp and cool haha and okay bye
That's fun!
Happy Saturday!
Q12 How important is a formal branding/marketing strategy?
was that the corner who bit. Chung was chasing.
What's on your mind?
So sorry for your loss! Praying for you!
Seriously considering moving. Far, far away
except 4 influx of awesome essays and funny blogging by striking writers, not noticing writers guild strike.
WAT IS STUPID...i geuss u r
like what?
everyone's left the office- time for HEAVY METAL
Not surprised ... Not too many are you know...;)
don't forget to say goodbye!
every four years in Germany.
RT : I hate wanting to text someone, but you feel like you're bothering them.
Please follow me..
Neither one of us trusts each other. So we fuck till we bust, till we cuss each other out.
There's some people stumbling away from the bar at ses ny
Just made it to TX
Any bands looking to play shows in August? Email ! We've got some shows with open spots! :D
The secret is ours, then.
haha... had a Dick's burger lately?
There should be a vision and message behind every piece of content on your website or blog.
Working all day today with a bad back, and I'm missing most of the Giants game...should be an interesting day!
It seems like people r always pissing me off!!
Cool!! Where?
Hello Pastor Young. Everything is going well with me. God is a great God. Hope all is well with you also. God bless.
Woot! #Homebuilder stock up after good report from Wells Fargo! C'mon recovery c'mon!!
me too well not the tatt part I used to make my mom sing it every night she still does when shes cooking.lol
Nearly 1/3 of world's food supply could be at risk from loss of
RT : Park Equipment and Bleachers: So, you and your friends are nice and comfortable in your new set of bleachers and......
Happy #AlohaFriday have a fun #MothersDay weekend...
#ihatemondays where there is a test tht u r not prepared for
your forcing me to go out.. I said no till drinking till florida!
Best Memo Ever
I like going to partys and take alot of bitches back to the studio and fuck them!! Thats if they pussy clean!! lol
Fringe is on Fox.
my bdayysss on may 14th !!! :D
I love weed, but I hate hangovers, and the hatred of the hangover wins by a landslide every time
Who doesn't? ": I heart Hannah Storm.”
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 60F FAIR
don't know about that one.
I see you're giving away The God of Small Things. Did you read it, and if so did you like it?
Just sitting @ home watching The movie Shooter. This movie is big time..
I love all her songs
"[Andre Ethier] I wrote you a haiku!!!" -- didn't know you were an eloquent poet/fangirl, ! Did you, ?!
do it :)) ill save them and publish one big post of your pictures and give you cred :)
Off 2nite. Back Fri w/my colleague It's that time again, time to raise $Cash$ For Jazz. Have a goodnight & a gr8 Thursday.
Let's glorify him over lame, trivial stats! RT : For the first time in his career, DWade played 40 min in game w/o a rebound.
RT : "In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
Watching this #nuggets & #lakers game.....
Where my homie at! I'm looking at getting that apartment real soon. FYI hah
Yes! For $15/yr, we'll get free admission, free school field trips & maintain DIA's legacy for our children.
Take deep breath, girl...it'll be alright!
This is some classy shit in here
no problem! Happy 2012!
If you're lost and alone or you're sinking like a stone, carry on
Well to my city whatcha think?
what do you call a Bear with no teeth? A Guuuuummmmyyyy Bear Ha you so silly
Who watched Ms. Basia Quartz on youtube? Good is what is not .*>
Suggestions so far: Stuart Hall on identity thru representation, Ratcliffe's Rhetorical Listening. Thx
Going to sing for some bratty little kids.
Thank you for helping me to go in!
*waving back* it's dreary day here at homewood. I'm guessing it's about the same in Elkridge...
thats a lie
on silent library from 2010 eww that chinese mix im about to get sick watching it lmao
its so funny! i was on netflix bored trying to see what to watch cause all the movies suck -.- I cant stop laughing lol
Gameday! Time to show the #MLS Cup Champs who's boss! RT if you Believe We Will Win!
Does anyone else get scared when a text reads “Can I ask you a question?
finally in
What do you mean, "just left"?
You must keep investing in your career even if it isn’t giving you all you want exactly when you want it.
So, should I read the Game of Thrones books?
what's your other account I can't find it
Dear cable companies - it's 2012, I think the technology exists to equalize the volume on all the commercials you air. Look into it.
Apparently Judiciary Square is the hot new dance spot for DC. We're going to have to look into creating a Price Benowitz dance team...
Congrats on the new awesome show!! yay!! Go Jennifer!!
Already using scroogle, now to disenGooge step by step and see how far I get. Now about that droid, hrm..
Y'all grilling?
Yes! This is also why it pays to follow people in various international time zones.
pumpkin doe?? where da caramel mochioto???????
shout out to christine please!
In french tomorrow is #GYHAB Music video but in American is tonight! - xo Demi.
I also picked him against so a thanks may be in order on Sunday.
I'm just being petty and want someone to buy it for me, or cook haha
eh...guys can't.have enough hats!
No answer at Access Media. A great product means nothing w/o service. If you need me, I'll be trying to act out an episode of Grimm. ^_^
need to to colleets house to help her with yard stuff at 5p. What's up?
Missed playing the freeroll by 5 minutes was waiting on Reefer to send account validation, Good luck
OF COURSE the cardigans come on the second you step into ikea
Gonna finish #myfavoritexmasmovie tonight- Diehard 2 with my wife.
Happy New Years Austin! Any plans for this year? (:
Kobe is a
Its finna b hot as hell
Ha! Thanks for the love! xx
Arrive in May--Kevin can hook you up! RT : I've been flirting with putting those on my list
Watching Alvin & The Chipmunks! (:
To the next person who tries to argue with me over $2 I will say, "m'am, your greed killed Donna Summer."
Busy day showing homes all over Portland and spending time with daughter.
Shout out to the ROTUNDA Building 7th floor CREW for buying 9 containers of BESTO PESTO. PEACE and FEAST.
My cousin just told me to write to Ellen and tell her my story
Back in the gym tonight...felt good.
why do i know every word to "my humps"
I do that to myself all the time! haha good luck!!
If u follow us make sure to follow the person who unified us :) She's a lover of and she's
I've had an ad for a $79 Fender Starcaster electric guitar open all day...staring at me...judging me...waiting for me to rock...
Came to the conclusion I cant spell commission...lets try this again. HappyHour 5/3 530-730 @ Clydes ChevyChase Be There =)
Any curve or anything?
Maybe they should have had a Tom Brady hour on ESPN, also August 3rd birthdays rule!
lmfao, I was subtweeting an underclassmen on my tl
Yeah I have 2 jobs I have a summer job working at a camp and then I work at a cafe I am the head server and some times prep cook
Watching the news is so depressing. SO I turned on some cartoons :)) much better
Salute to the Flight Club Movement ya dig! We are creating a dynasty that will change the lives of alot of people.
I'd rather skate against Iron Maven.
Not a fan of all the shaky stuff in west conshohocken.
damn peopleont know when to quitt.
yes I don't Noe who that is but bye
make it a vampire baby, because we also hate twilight.
#SouthFlorida - check us out on #Facebook - browse our catalogs, view our twitter feed, and #Like us! New #holiday catalog just added!
PCP in the studio!!
"Amen Pastor! Pres. Obama wrong for saying what he did bout dem Gays." *under breath* But I am still going to vote for that Negro.
Autocorrect just tried to change my "hashtag" to "hashish". Be careful, folks.
I love but haven't watched - need to check it out soon!
I'm finding it hard to give marriage advice considering the fact that I'm not married.
it's the Chaos Communications Camp
i love how people call u bieber its kinda funny.
This migraine can merrily go fuck itself. Really.
miss ya buddy!!
Ion even got the energy to tell yall about #future last night, HE PERFORMED GREAT, its the organization that was fucked up that made it bad
I can't sleep
Quick update for my #Chicago followers: #Bulls up 74-52 on the Cavs midway through 3rd quarter
De-Existentialism (n.): The only "meaning" to breed like rats and the only "choice" to survive for the sake of survival...despite itself.
b/c they feel like they're not a threat and are only around them for sex...
Load in @ 10:30? Your kidding?!!!!
Am I a bad person for laughing throughout my holocaust class today?
.I feel fuckin lazy but I don't want to be out in the cold & i have to bus it home. On the real it's not on my agenda & won't end up on it.
Let's Go Miami Heat
It sucks in Madison! Windy, cold, and snowing :(
nothing what you been on?
thanks much. I've decided to try to popularize the term little "b" buddhist--who's with me?
malia fullerton: most particip asked to reconsent for data submission to dbGaP said yes, but 90% said being asked=extremely important!
hahahah okay! It's like a superpower. It's magical.
1 seat has opened for tonight's 5 course asparagus dinner with Diana Rowan and Daniel Berkman performing. Who wants it? :)
Someone needs to tell the #Brewers pitching staff they aren't pitching batting practice.
I'm sure ... Heading down now and will be around thru Tues.
I'm following ur every move
Put on MBDTF and my roommates had no idea what it was. What the fuck. Seriously. What the fuck.
My boys are pretty stoked that we are front row for the show tonight.
Something tells me created the #aea playlist that plays during the breaks.
Today is opening day :)
Listening to Effington on our way through Effingham, IL.
Put me down as a yes I did.
#Austin Nothing to Ask?
#MyNextBoo will definitely be , i could only imagine :)
I like both of you.
I thought I was the only one that felt this way! I feel super-smart!
": Lazy days >>>>>>>" I wish! come take my spot on the farm this weekend!
BH Trivia Q: What year did Guy Buford became the first African-American to travel in space? Ck www.AmericanLegacyMag.com for the answer
of course!! I suggest that froyo be involved in this date.
email me your addie and I'LL come pick u up and I think we can handle the little mister as well!!!
Exciting New website we created for United Capital being unveiled December 8th on MSNBC’s #dylanratigan show. Check it out!
i've been gone awhile twitter,but shes back. let's all kick back and listen to some ? I'm thinking awkward breakfast time.(:
I am thinking this is going to be a long, chippy series. I love skilled, bloody hockey!
Tuesday, May 8: Liverpool v Chelsea, 2pm, FOX Soccer
lol. I'll be on the lookout. what web host are you using? Thinking about getting something for my portfolio website.
Josh 2 more hits!
Thanks for the follow Ann. Look forward to reading more about your traveling experiences!
Thanks to the North Shore Connector, the T is harder to catch than ever before. Now, even more delays?
200 words and references to go!
There should be a web site where you could vote to predict what the NYT most e-mailed articles were going to be, and their staying power.
You did NOT just write to KacieB! You #bachelor lovin' tweetin' maniac!
Will u b a freshman @ Morehouse this fall? Don't miss Morehouse Mondays on Facebook each Mon in April, 5-6 pm Live chat w/administrators
Heyy Mel how are you today??
worried about the student who cited a free paper from 123helpme.com as a source for his research paper
Seeing and July 1st at the taste of Joliet. Can't wait<3
We're at the Asian Festival today and tomorrow. Stop by and see us friends!
And the three rules for presentations are... come to the talk and find out!
I was a skeptic until she found me a convenient repair shop when my bike chain snapped on my ride home yesterday.
3 hours left to come buy some !!! Come through and show some LOVE!
Workout. Check. Cup o joe. Check. Breakfast. Check. Feeling great. Check. #Winning........always :)
If you see an onion ring - answer it!
tuesday morning i was bit by a (large) dog on my forearm. why do my shoulder muscles hurt so much, too?! ugh.
pic? love it...looks great!!
Haters gonna hate- keep killin em money
Thx for following Doug.
that's bullshit
I've never told anyone to 'go suck on an egg.' Or a lemon.
Please join us tomorrow at 1 for Veteran's Day. Special guests include members of the 14th Armored, nicknamed "The Liberators"
U will be a mamas boy forever FYI thats not attractive to any girl u can't live off ur mom forever
So does that mean you won't kiss a lady with lipstick? LOL
I am still waiting on rain, I heard its supposed to come 2morro but I don't believe it!
Taking a dump at work haha
How can a trail be so easy one day and so difficult the next?
#RUTHLESS RT #suckstosuck when your having sex with "your boy" an hes thinking about me
you around this weekend?
work roles: archivist, digital librarian, reference librarian, technology trainer, career advisor, customer service pro, inspirer
ARE YOU KIDDING ME. UGH
also it's obamas favorite show. He was a big Omar fan
& also a great person :) I mean a girl can look good & B da hottest but if her attitude ain't just as equal then she UGLY hehe
we got our tix for Chicago, but wouldn't turn down the afterparty ;)
Grilling out tonight. Q, bong, jenni. The usual suspects.
Happy Birthday my dear! Have a great day! Hope you are enjoying it!
What an exhausting day. Baking baking and more baking.
Not many people are followed by both and
Watching on the treadmill tv at the gym and ugly crying. On the upside, I didn't fall off.
The superiority of haploidentical related stem cell transplantation to ...
The guys across the street are tards but they always have hot girls over there for their cookouts.
I'm giving you one right now honey :) Love you!
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook....how much money it made MARK ZUCKERBERG...damn is he even 30 yet? lol
I love jessica:))))
Today is going to be a long day, I can already tell! Time to grab a Redbull to help get me through!
I will not let the Hamthrax ruin my vacation.
You thought child labor was bad! Ten-year-old suicide bombers arrested. Taliban told them they wouldn't get hurt. Story on CNN.
Glad that Walter knows when I'm not feeling well. That puppy has some great intuition.
Woody and buzz. What a combo.
I'm gonna try to get Keith to forward my selections to all his members for a bit of self promo : ~ haha !
RT : Knick fans chant "Asshole", but they don't realize Lebron's asshole is the shape of how many wins they have.
I feel bad for her, she's such a mess.
it's more like "hiring her" was an act of cowardice and an assault on intellectual freedom.
If you could relegate any team in MLS to oblivion(think indoor soccer) it would have to be Houston right?
[♫SONG OF THE DAY♫] "A Year Without Rain" - Selena Gomez & The Scene
RT : Hillary Clinton: “I'm relieved to be at the stage in life if I want to wear my glasses, I'm wearing my glasses.”
I get nervous bout ppl lookin at my pics
Undecided, I have a few options. I hope to know something next wk
#DesireThursdays if you were granted one sweet wish today- what would it be?
Where have you been, All my life, all my life
I think that is the smartest broadcaster in the NBA..always knows what he's talking about
Even if Michael Jackson left his dad out of his will, the question is why a father would want to be in his sons will.
thanks, and belatedly to you!
Today's the big day! 1st music vid shoot for the new record!! gonna be a super long day, but when I wake up tomorrow my vid will be done
Oh man. I am semi-excited.
Thanks for the props on our omelettes and hash browns--- we love serving them up!
Decided to have a birthday WEEKEND instead of a day! Happy birthday WEEKEND to me! lol
I'll send you yours later!! :-)
that is great! U need to fill me in on u soon!
sounds good! We choose your number last time unfortunately that number was not you. :(
Sorry to hear that. Hope everything works out!!!!!!
hey I am trying to wake up. You look very beautiful today
see u soon beautiful man of my future
damn. Just left the house w/out the card. Im such a mess! Hope you have a great date tomorrow!
Working with Cole Williams album cover photoshoot today! :-) whop whoop
yush and I guess
I want her do damn bad but she wants someone else. That hurts.
In that mood where every little thing annoys me -.-t
#imagine Austin:I have a beautiful girlfriend. U:*jealous*Who is she? A:Why? Are you jealous? U:No. A:u're cute when u're jealous*kisses u*
I just saw that you are at Naz! I went to Geneseo!
Please drop by again this coming week as I'm expecting a couple of songs back from the mixer. "Plans"--a pretty ballad with a string...
Open mic halloween reading, a lecture on medieval theology, and Rocky Horror & they're all scheduled at the same time!
I KNOW RIGHT. hopefully so. arg he called right?:
the new digs are coming along quite nicely...slow, but nicely! you'll have to come visit!
When you tweet the world tweets back
man, i hate that. Sry hun, hope u get to sleep soon!
Then there are those friends who inspire you to be a better human and make you so proud you get teary-eyed. Yup, that's you
Can't help but love Alexander's corner. Classic.
Purse is missing with passport, ticket, IDs and money. Gotta run. Not good. Very, not good!
Downtown LA.
happy birthday to the funniest girl i know your an amazing friend and i hope you have an awesome birthday! (:
I hate when somebody pick the smallest thing to fall out with you behind..... Truth is u never liked me to begin with
Twitter is like my 'bagel' setting on a toaster; instantly making me half as effective while appearing a logical necessity.
thank u thank u & thank u again. I so enjoyed myself & u guys too! I will be upgrading soon
There's a camel cruising around downtown.
The weather is not cooperating with my photo shoot...
: happy birthday to one of my very favorite people in all this world! Love you!!!
There is a Nashville-Phoenix series in the Stanley Cup playoffs. Way to fail traditional hockey areas.
your past tweets regarding your M&M consumption have been slightly OCD
oh...thanks. You have disarmed me with your compliment. I.can't.tell.if.its.sarcastic.or.not!!!
You mad bro...
I swear, I can't stay out of the doctors office! 👎
CONGRATS!! JUST SAW THE FINALE LAST NIGHT
Congratulations on advancing in 's Tournament of Championships! Looking forward to your next round.
Awww that's so cute but guess what idgaf!
There's nothing wrong with being shallow as long as you're insightful about it.
THOMAS! I LOVE YOU SOSOSOSOMUCH! i just cant wait till you guys come to Chicago,b/c um gonna give u the biggest hug ever! RT??
don't worry. ill come out there with you to watch the lightening :)
i love my frineds!
RT Well, friends. Amazon isn't much help now. But we've still got able-minded elves and lots of books on our shelves...
Country music always puts me in a better mood!
well Congrats!! You deserve it!!
LOL at least your not writing about nutrition :)
Nice. Maybe Dale can buy another suit now?
Wow, #Entourage is getting good this season.
Opps I meant Felicia not Felicity
live every week like its shark week
Sometimes your actions may send off messages that may be conflicting with how you really feel. So always make your mind & body are in tune.
This newspaper needs a viagra.
Nashville Connection tomorrow and then School choir concert Sunday! Can't wait to sing our choir songs in different languages... Lol
I'm shocked and appalled that flying a high school football team from Fla. to Wash. may not be the most financially sound idea.
RT“: MASTERPIECES tonight at 8pm!!” Terrific Play! If you want to see something you can debate afterwards, see this :-)
No. Plan on tuning in to Denver and Wisconsin.
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Cookie Mix in a Jar I 4.67 / 5 Stars | 84 Reviews by Lisa "Oatmeal Raisin Spice cookie mix in a jar with tag a
Happy birthday to anyone born today. Eat it up, suckers. See you in four years.
is taking her cat to get her sutures out this morning
Klinsmann: It's up to me to build on US foundation
Go Canucks Go!!!! I love being a citizen of the best city in the world! :)
I would do the same thing if the internet was down for 20 minutes.
Bieber sucks
They asked if I gained weight and I was like na pocket can't handle the money
A man can only do what he can do. But if he does that each day he can sleep at night and do it again the next day. -Albert Schweitzer
oh well I'm in the gym lol sittin by my self cause I got tired of playing basketball
i really hate school.. :/
Opening Day 2012 just got a whole lot better for Milwaukee. No more Larussa, no more Pujols...
haha no problem XD sure i will, tweet me your url XD
Dat was gay
:( Aw Man In My Swiper Voice)
Why not start the weekend on tuesday
I will accept nothing which all cannot have their counterpart of on the same terms.
#NowFollowing (: You should deffinitly go follow him and he will #FollowBack (:
What is one decision you could make that would change your life for the better?
u were going to cheat and draw one. That is funny love the heart lol
are you actually watching this game? This game just like your laker games are rigged man.
A dream is an answer to a question we haven't learned how to ask......(Scully...X-Files)
You know it!!!!! ...We need to take over management! (:
remind me to share a video of my first year of teaching. YIKES! Thanks for joining the #ECET tweetworld!
Another spectacular win for the home team #Broncos 13 vs #Chicago 10 in overtime
its all in what you do with your thoughts when they come to you.. however they come to you.. or however you can get them to come to you
At this point, I'm thinking I want to take more public policy & finance/stats classes if I can.
Just hit me I get to see and Dan P. in a little over a week. Havent been this excited since 3 days ago when I found my fav lip gloss
"There's a reason..." - "I don't believe in reasons."
BREAKING: Colorado House speaker says lawmakers reach impasse on civil unions bill; legislation dies.
Need to stay married, so sadly won't make the trip. Spending "soccer wknd away" card in Montreal this wknd for #IMFC-#RBNY!
Waking up to good morning texts :)
heheh! I love you! Closet cleaning date ASAP!
Y'all old pictures ugly ass fuck
aww :) how are you?
& every1 who has a day off in honor of those who serve & have served our country, spend the day Lunch, shopping, great exhibits.
lmao. Oh gee. Freak out bro.
idk if this tweet went first time or not, but come serve free food and play with lil kids goose hollow family shelter tmrw 7pm all welcome!
More sophisticated procurement teams know they need to look at expertise, cots and quality.
RT : From , when a woman is pregnant STDs can be more serious for her & her baby. Moms2b, ask your doctors about...
Listening to the game on the radio is far superior to watching it on TV, commentator-wise.
My 6yo to me today: "Papi you smell sweaty b/c you are sweaty."
I'm with you. Where do we start?
You are very kind! Thanks for the
I think Randy and Jen Lopez, suck big time Randy you need to lose weight whitey lover
I love fantasy factory
not fuckin wit me anymore -.-
Take advantage of the anabolic window (up to 30 min) post workout and have a well balanced snack.
Just made a latte for an afternoon pick-me-up!
Since I don't want kids ever I think ill start selling my eggs LOL
Chalmers has the remedy, Lebron had it in the 1st half, so why doesn't everybody else who is not a 3 point shooter understand go to the hole
alright but I can't do it right now, I'm going to Ikea to buy new stuff for the new apartment
talk to me please
#Facebook now has an option for publishing weightless goals and injuries on my timeline. I'll save you the suspense, I wear contacts...
I'm still waiting.___.
Gotta love that #28 Posey guy. Only jersey I own.
It's funny how no matter how different our stories or situations are, we all can relate to quotes and each other.
Romeo save me, they're trying' to tell me how to feel. This love is difficult, but it's still real.
Lol RT : Just announced: The Pacers-Sixers conference finals will be broadcast on truTV.
rockin the stealth 10's on the court and his little Nay Nay rockin them 2 rows behind me
why cant someone be liked for who they are and not their body? I don't get it!
Im not as cool with niggas , as i once was .
... given that trend, it will ultimately be unsuitable for enterprise storage or even a server side cache...
thanks for the shout outs, but I have a sneaky suspicion you meant
Dietrich Bonhoeffer was executed by the Nazis 67 years ago today. Hat tip to , whose biography of Bonhoeffer is a must-read.
Das dat shit RT : nothing in this world by avant &amp; keke wyatt will be played at my wedding ( whenever i get married ) lol
I'm going to text all my friends to search you on YouTube ^_^
: Never mind, it finally came up.
Opening the blinds and turning off the fan so that I can really hear and see this storm.
I hope you will be playing Be Real tonight?!? Love that song!
It doesn't matter how many hours of sleep you get; if you have to wake up before 9, you will still be a zombie.
I did see the score. Still time though, and they are getting ball. Just need a TD and onside kick. ;)
Just watch out for my chair, cause that sumbitch will kill ya if ya lean back wrong.
NEW SONG
is at work..the Houston Rodeo starts today with Alan Jackson!
I can't make it (homework) but if you can GO SEE TuNe-YaRds @ First Ave tonight
Happy birthday!!!
He doesn't often share his knowledge with the twit world, but I love talkin hoops with my boy
I would love to meet the teenage versions of my parents
": Send me a dm so I know its real."
#theoldestsongthatihaveonmyphone is jonas brothers-year 3000 I dont why I have that song !
Thanks! Looking forward to meeting you.
Sounds expensive... RT Subway signs Assume he'll have a $I footlong?
How does a woman show she's planning for the future? Plastic Surgery.
I'm looking for a GOOD resume writer for a friend. Who do you know? DM me! Thx!
Soundtrack for madden 13 done.... songs picked yet ?
Outstanding dinner at Inovasi last night! Thank you for everything See you soon!
Sleep schedule switching everyday -_- #RiseNGrind .... Time to get it in at #24HourFitness ... LeeeeeGooooo
I am mobile tweeting now so perhaps I will now use Twitter more often.
Couple of days at the lake... now it is time to get back to work! I have to kick ass at some meeting today! Wish me luck!
you sure can say all. We can call it an 11 flavor tie!
OH! What's the CueCat??
I'll find us both a marine while I'm there ;)
People w/ stress or depression are prone to gum disease & #inflection. Get superior oral care & take charge of your health. www.closys.com
lolol, we really sat there and had an argument about whether or not tupac was dead or not haha #ilovejazzy (:
shit just to crazy...
Haha amazing! Enjoy yourself for me :)
Josh hamilton is an actual monster
i wanna go
Glad you enjoyed it!!
that Laura Douglas girl on Facebook is a slut like damn.
Fun fact....Lemon cookies go great paired with Witty. I bet Santa would love it!
lol i just call it how i see it
Wishing you a wonderful Easter, a beautiful spring, and a song in your heart all year.
lol! Go to sleep! Watching famliy matters :)
good answer #teamblake forever
I think we're going to extra innings. Oh wait, that was my revelation. Well, we'll see what comes up...
Someone take me to bahama bucks! And i'll love you forever! <3
omg i love your name
Can't wait to see and next month!!!! #Boston #newhampshire holler!
I would think. Also, probably a larger variance between positions in soccer.
I heard my homies was gettin' on yo' head the other night lololol
The weather is MISERABLE today. If you could take a road trip to get away, where are you going?
YES! RT : That throw on 3rd & 10... where Rodgers hit Jennings for a first down, was the throw of Rodgers' life. Amazing
Thanks my last 7 followers
I have a retainer that I guess I'm trying to chew through.
Have the dates for the 2012 conference been scheduled yet?
lame i cant listen at work... Someone needs to shut kwing down... So i can listen ha
Steven Tyler sounded God awful, how is he qualified to judge singing talent?
Hurry in for your 30% off purchases of $150 or more when you mention this FB ad! Good through February, some restrictions apply
NO NO NO YOU DIDN'T HE WANTED THE HASPUS FILE!!!!
love em already!!
Just finished Skatin'!
google news alerts just emailed it to me :)
My Pilot is officially in agent's hands. Here we go...
Watching Cincy big men and they just stand around when don't have the ball. They find a block n plant on it and wait for a pass!
It's lunchtime. Today's Specials: grilled chicken breast panini, BBQ pulled pork sandwich, and chicken noodle soup.
I can't decide where to eat lunch today. Any recent favorites for near-mall, at least moderately healthy, not Rev Soup? #lunch in
RT : Spoke too soon on LaMike based off the articles im reading. Imagine I just caused quite a stir in Oregon. #GoDucks (Indeed)
cool. Good luck, do your best & don't give up!
“: give a a shout out homie”
I'm sure R has already given you a swift kick to say Happy Mother's Day
City has incentivized more than 1 billion in economic development and 13280 new or saved jobs.
Merry Xmas, Kiss my ass, kiss his ass, kiss your ass....Happy Chanukah ....I wasn't a fan of Vegas
What. A. Day.
Our Recurly.js dev has been working with you to get this resolved. Is there anything else we can do to help you out?
A Playful Spirit « Sunday Smiles
I SWEAR I HAVE BAD LUCK SOMETIMES!!!!
What the hell kind of defending was that
Had another scare with the fxcking Bug today. It wasn't reading my car key and shutting off the engine. I hate you VW.
What we need Rep Mike Kelly (R-PA) is you to shut up and quit using your political position to gain advantages for your benefit. No morals
in the mean time, Toru Takemitzu blows the mind of the Library's basement workers as they tap the keys, typing pragmatic fanatics
Gotta give credit when credit's due.. was poppin tonite w on the decks. Good job , &
Art has the suddenness, the audacity, and sometimes the savagery of impolite wit. Caleb Jackson.
we're coming to Pittsburgh April 28th! Get ready!
Im hungry...and its almost 4 in the morning..omg.! lol..fuck it im staying up.
Happy 2012, and thanks for following us! Thanks to Radio, Andrea Gillis Band, John Powhida's Airport and Dirty Truckers for a great night!
I don't know who gave me this headache, but you can take it back!
thnx, got u*
This nigga drinking frozen water...have fun with that
Totes McGotes Chessey. Sorry for clogging up your Twitter feed...see you in 1.5 hours. ;)
Thank you for all the new goodies (; You really made my day<3
Enjoyed myself at mizzou today
I've been tracking the calories I eat the last 2 days and they almost always make it under 1000/day and I'm eating normally.
I happy heart them too! Thanks so much, and thanks for the follow!
#UK #Golf #Joke 'The old #Golfer paced anxiously up & down outside the #Emergency room of the #Hospital...' Read-on @ www.ICUGolfStories.com
. Agreed! And found some great new people to follow!
Yeah! And we're getting different taps in all the time. Tonight! Take a pub crawl without moving at downtown's only neighborhood bar!
Man I wish I had every freestlye by that nigga is fire. #notdickrindingbutdickriding #nohomo.lol!
We need to start a gang.
Still working on groups presenting...
bye bye Blake
"Holly Hilton. That sounds good." "Who are ya gonna marry? Paris?!" "Um Tyler..." BAHAHAHAHA
Aw! My WI accent was pretty thick this morning at church. "Father, Son & Holy Ghoooohst" My gf died laughing
Good thing I'm an introvert...HAH! NOT! Okay...so why did I pick my major again? I like reading, but I like socializing more.
My life will never same,but trying to get my life as close to normal as possible.
Thank you!
I think I can speak for all of us saying that we need to see some photos.
Can u please follow me bacckkkk!!! I love u!!!
THANKS FOR THE GREAT STUDIO AND A UNBELIEVABLE ENGINEER! BEST IN CHATTATOWN!
Don't forget that Scout + Megan are in Santa Monica...
80 degrees and Sunny all week in #Chicago! and yes we do have a beach in downtown!
Unbelievably peaceful and beautiful morning in NH. Definitely a songwriting day.
Progress...comes through the tireless effort & persistent work of men willing to be co-workers with God- the time is always ripe to do right
what is it to register with the Guild?
Agreed. RT : Visited the bookstore at lunch. I love that campus this time of year. (Well, any time, but especially now.)
My cab driver said I looked like lady gaga and someone else id rather not say...liar? I partially hope not!
Hope to see Jamie at the parade!!!
So excited for this evening! May you all have a safe and beautiful Christmas Eve!
How would YOU wear these Crush Ladies’ Bands…? Stacked in white, yellow & rose gold….Or paired w/ your Crush diamond engagement ring?
The fact that Dwyane Wade has never been voted first-team All-Defense is a travesty
Listened to the new jeff bridges album last night. Once is prolly enough.
I need some new nail polish :(
I cant wait to get off work. I been yawning!!!
you, too!
well i'm not going to watch that.
pics or it didn't happen ;) Xx have fun!
stay positive!
Via October is Funding for the Arts Month! #FCArts #Arts - good reminder to support your local arts and artists!
I love how many people are purchasing #giftcertificates for yoga for their loved ones!
8 days in and the bullpen's already burned. Rolen and Stubbs are 7 for 57 (0.123). Not good.
ooh, good call!
Eenie mini miny mo catch a tiger
funny cus desmond even said he sees how I was sticking up for a friend. And now we just don't talk easy as that.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Lick it, Kiss it, Love it, Don't spit it.
Jen is so hot, the sun cannot look her straight in the eyes.
85% of Americans say they have a more positive opinion of a company when it supports a cause.
great work!
Study break = Wash Nationals game vs SF Giants. To all - Good luck on finals. Be safe moving out and traveling home as you finish finals.
Although w/out them, one sentence makes it sound like I'm cooking imaginary ponies for dinner. I try to avoid surreal cuisine.
good luck in the contest! Did you like Antwan's video? -
I just finished my longest run in two years... it's still far from my longest ever, but it's progress..
don't go chasing waterfalls...because you'll probably drown, dummy
We obeyed kings and bent before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love. - Kahlil Gibran
Exciting Job Openings Jones Group! jonesgroupinc.com/careers
got 2 go guys see u guys later
Fuck My Daddy Cause He...#WasntThereForMe!
Channeling my inner Picasso at Wine and Canvas night at Mosaic Wine Bar in North Park!
this is love, this is war, its insanity
Going on 1 hour now waiting to see the doctor. Z......
Help me choose... Kindle Fire or Nook Color? I can't decide!
and : Thanks so much for the follow! Have a happy Friday. :)
I look forward to the Serenity-esque feature film resolution. Get thee to the writers room and make it happen! :)
will there be a ghc2010 iPhone app?
Dave thanks for the follow
deal. I'd even be ok with a Burrows/Torres Frankenjersey.
What variety of bourbon are you drinking today?
Don't give me reason
super pretty!
maybe? I'll text you when I know fashoooo
Tas crusty o no??
Summer movie preview: From &#39;Avengers&#39; to &#39;Dark Knight&#39; rises, all the buzz on this season&#39;s blockbusters - and more
Oh man, FortuneCity! I'm pretty sure I had a page there in 97 or 98. Even though I had space with my ISP.
My heart goes out to the family of #JonathanFoster. May justice be swift.
Hello world!
Thank you Dorothy, that is so appreciated! I am so blessed to have such wonderful fans and friends like YOU! Have a blessed day!
For sure! Hopefully we can find a innovative way to keep the students engaged. Still love that idea of yours!
Tony Parker and Antonio may not play.
how could u hate me im me
Be too large for worry, too noble for anger, too strong for fear,
You're a bombshell
Thanks for the follow :))
: Do you have the hidden camera video? KRQE News 13 in Albuquerque wants to know.
Really dislike when people lie to me! Makes my blood boil
Bryce Harper has stealing home now off his bucket list...
Just joined twitter to see whats around.
I wonder what lebron james woulda done had he played against rick mahorn type players. What a chump.
In bham gettin ready to watch my nigga knock a nigga out tonight
I'll be there. With many penis shaped objects lolol ;D
for real! The whole building shook when he hit the terrace
Going to the toughest looking bouncer at a strip joint and asking if haggling is allowed.
Self: are you okay Me: I wish I could tell you
one of many reasons! :)
At silk hookah lounge for the official meet and greet of
looks lke its about to rain :(
im at the right nowww!
Are you in knitting club?? lol
Comcast Praises Voluntary BitTorrent Crackdown Agreement - TorrentFreak
I've been as poor as an ugly whore. And as rich as an ugly bitch. And I gotta tell ya; I prefer the latter.
Y'alls accounts are sending out spam DM's, just an FYI.
On a session ravin with and thats how the story goes....watch out swags...
is a beast
Today September 30 is the birthday of Country Music Artist Johnny Mathis!
Yo dude, how you been? Is what I hear about you coming to Catholic in the fall true?!?!
thanks for the follow! would love some help or a RT!
I'm so happy 4 u
Just heard at citified as santana walks another "bring in "
Awesome pic, can't believe I missed that!!!
“Do not chase people. Be you & do your own thing & work hard. The right people who belong in your life will come to you & stay.” - Wu Tang
You are quite welcome.
Believe me, I agree. And yet I still tried to save you!
Yes! What stop? Moving for good?
Had 2 assemblies @ a school in Whittier this morning. Great kids, teachers, parents & principal. kids asked great questions.
Relaxing this morning with my family. God has been good to me!
Thanks for joining the convo ! Its a complicated topic, value on both sides of the fence.
they wanted their name to start and end with a m.
Yes...Did you know their gowns were just featured on this week?
The real solution is "this logic should never have been in the code to begin with"
Galen, I would like to debate Skip Bayless on First Take. I'm a fan that loves the show. Is it possible?
if she roll a good blunt, wife that bitch.
I'm from Florida(: but I'm currently in LA for my music career(:
Guyss celyna lost her story so im going 2 start mine ! :) hope we'll find it son ! :) xx michelle ♥
Caitlin, KB, Eli and myself in the crib with hot toddies and Meg Baird on.
#Imagine Austin: I must be in heaven. You: Why? Austin: Because I'm looking at an angel ♥
tweeting so much random shit o.o
done :P
haha, Haha, I had to look up who that was.
": Maybe I have avocado on my study guide maybe I don't." True mexa
Black Lacquer is Getting Lucky tonight.
Rumored: Desktops & laptops running HPs webOS later in 2011? Awesome! (Pining for my beloved Palm/Clie devices 1998-2006. Emulator please?!)
From an Eagles fan: Ronnie Brown. Jeremy Maclin. Michael Vick (for bad press conference skills). Eagles entire defense and coaches
If your feeling good tell em I'm feeling great! Get into the Moment! Kid ink
Necessary Roughness won. I'll be playing Hot Girl. I've been practicing for this all my life. LoL!
same with me
Love me or leave me. Hey! Where’s everybody going??...hope this will make you smile today!
Next #ypnchat will be in June! Topic, date, and time still TBD but be on the lookout for #socialmedia postings about it.
RT Thanks to for f**king up what should have been a great show by keeping SymX from playing w/ Iced Earth Sunday night
Roads conditions shouldn't be that bad bc temps have been well above freezing for the past few of days. Grassy surfaces 1st the accumulate
&park to Roc do you know a girl named Siarra lee or any of you?
Hey Creative Company - thanks for following StoryFirst! We love your love of telling stories. Hope 2 tell some w/ you soon!
I use a free google voice style number every time anything asks for my number cuz people are stalkers :/
really excited to have you joining the team, congrats!
Lighting equipment stolen... Praying for our soft boxes : (
Past 48 hours - stolen iPhone; 12 hour flight delay and lost luggage. (Fart noise.)
Omg, dis bitch. I need to get the hell outta here.
If you haven't tried them yet here's your chance. RT : Just tapped all three #PCBW collaboration beers.
Why not make it a friend-cation?
I had a weird dream that put me in a weird mood...
certainly looks that way
number one trending topic to my bday thanx brodeeeee
sometimes simplicity is called for!
I ate spaghetti for lunch so I'm totally prepared for Bloomsday tomorrow.
What a beautiful day at Posh!
shout out to the mad skillz multitasker who can edit videos and still listen to #sociallaw talk - edit my vids pls =)
I'm G for gangsta, you G for
I hear there is confusion? Write anything to me, could just be a letter. In return I will send you 2 WINNERS for today. Free! Save your .99!
You have a right to your own opinion? Then I have a right to tell you how fucking stupid it is.
Starting Monday, we are giving you the chance to fly to Beverly Hills to see an exclusive screening of "Part of Me" and MEET !!
let me know when you send them hints
He's grown into his role, even if no one cool wants to admit it. RT : Actually.... good discussion from Shaq.
Great Marketing discussion at the CEO Forum with and
Dope goal
DON'T MAKE ME STOP THIS BANDWIDTH! I'VE BEEN TCP/IPING BEFORE YOU COULD EVEN PEE IN THE TOILET!
Would a lion cheat? No, but Tiger Wood
thinkin about coppin a new phone might give my iphone away if i do
just remember Man U did not win it Man City is losing it as they scoooooreee let's go City one more. And more time.
Regional food bank putting emphasis on fresh goods
Hope to see you soon! RT : Have not been in to visit in a LONG time. Need to correct that soon!
Commencement begins! Congratulations Grads!!!
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis The Color of Penis
I feel your pain. Outlook IS quite ugly. And a switch pack to a PC is painful. Wish we had a quick solution for that situation.
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 11
I Hate Cockiness.... So Unattractive.
We follow a lot of people, then they follow back! Make sure not to follow 2,000 so quickly. :)
this: 's Gemini
These Pirates dont see that shark circling the ship?
Deviating from "Summer of 69" and "Smoke on the Water", the crappy cover band is now playing "Chicken Fried" by Zac Brown.
has been done to you, God does have a plan for your life. I hope everyone has a abundantly blessed day.
I love being a stylist to my friends.
Twitting yu twits
A grey day in Dallas and I am already feeling (and being) somewhat productive.
On the phone with :)
The gestures are really weird on it, you should customize before you do anything
Waking up in your bed saying sorry in advance, Cause I'll be right back here again in the morning.
about the poetry for the exam and the exam texts
HURRY UP!
All of the people who are saying that Faried should have won.
7 AM, put together #thegameoflife and needed to read the directions three times, should not be so realistic
so how about that ep? Any ideas on a release date yet?
aww thanks Evan! I'd love to come to Nashville. We were in Memphis in January, love TN.
nicola who?? You're basically telling me wait 3 years and the Bulls will be a contender! Lol
People never know the true backround stories to my tweets..
Dane County Sheriff just announced they're investigating the "alleged altercation at the offices of the Wisconsin Supreme Court."
Thank you for your business. Let us know if there is anything we can do to improve our service. Be blessed!
I dnt think I can ever stop!.!! I'm in too deep!
Thank you so much! Was nerve-racking and fun all at the same time =)
check your Dm!
they got any oneʻs that arenʻt squished?
cool. How is your wrestling?
All govts lack compassion/sensitivity to human life. Ask the Pakistani villagers who are shelled if the US respects life.
heading back to room for a bit. How about dinner around 6-6:30?
im pretty w. alot goin for myself
. Thanks for the follow - are you folks on Facebook?
I told that I felt old bc I needed a nap before we went. :P
Please help me give my zombies (and others) homes. My husband won't get a better job and I don't want to have to get a "real" job.
twitter is better than myspace is gay
Aw, thanks! He's such a ham.
Yes. Very sad.
you were right-ish! Not Ezra!
it would be great to see you :-)
These American Idol auditions at Petco Park are making life inconvenient for East Village residents.
RT Chef Point Cafe in the Conoco Gas station at 5901 Watauga Road 76148”> gas station restaurant in
Just me, a bottle of wine, and some Grey's.
we got a camp I think at CNU on June 17th !
WE NEED ONE LIKE!!!
wow!, LA that is outstanding!
do not use Morris Jenkins in Charlotte NC area
“If your ship doesn’t come in, swim out to meet it!” Jonathan Winters
Did McCain said "regrettably Long Island is part of United States of America..." What's that even mean??!!
you're both welcome <3
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." ~ George Bernard Shaw
Our last tweet makes us ponder...will Miss or Mrs. President have a nice ring to it in say, the next decade?
Have you seen NeoNatural yet? Check out this great exhibit of glass art within our botanical collection. Daily through Mar18 $3 admission.
Just because you're in your car doesn't mean i can't see you picking your nose :d
Better ingredients. Better pizza. *nod* Papa Johns.
Nuts are a great source of protein and healthy fats, stock up on them!
looks like straight up red chili paste!
You are smart. I am thinking of doing the same. Last night was 1:30am.
Well said Charles, the refs stole that from those ND kids
Q: What do you call two spiders who just got married?A: Newlywebs.
Thanks for following my personal
SDPD will expand Internal Affairs unit to more quickly investigate alleged wrong doing by officers. 3 or 4 Sgts will be added
Anyone watch #TheVoice tonight? Some killer performances... Christina is amazing!
really wish someone would explain! Or else i might have to go google it or something :p
Went to starbucks after #creativestrat. I never drink coffee
just in time for the weekend. I know that feeling! Hang in ther man.
I Love Whatching Things About The Titanic. Im Already Scared To Go On My Cruise To Jamaica This Summer.
Putting up some pictures from #IfAllOfRochester 2012 on our facebook page.
Maybe it is looking for a meal of Fitz!!!
I knew it was coming and am still stunned and so sad.
God cut you from a different cloth.
I'm new to twitter..haha how do I find my friends on here..?
That was a cool video J.T.! Thanks for joining us this weekend; we hope you had an entertaining time!
Yeah, it's not as bad with the others as compared to LeBron.
Can you guys do me a favor and follow please? She's super nice and she LOVES her followers <3 143
Thank you for helping us spread the word! :)
I heart me some
thanks! Sometimes I don't see it that way but thanks for reminding me :)
Planning super awesome road trip up Oregon coast. Sea lion caves, tidal pools, possibly lots of looking at inside of my eyelids. Niice.
yepp i know i just noticed! & thanks! followed!
TOUCHDOWN MIAMI!! Jacory Harris to Mike James for 18 yd TD, on next play after Marcus Forston pick. PAT Blocked. UM 20, Clem 14
NYC Carnival Tonight!!!!!! Ah Can't wait!!!!!!! LOVE
I know I was joking
lol i believe it ! How are you tho ?
PUT THE TEAM ON YOUR BACK!
I wonder how long til Julius Mays is investigated...
When using a camera with an LCD, be aware it has a brightness setting. Check it if your pictures are turning out too light or dark.
worried about nothing. Told you the Yankees had it in the bag.
Just left Erica O'Rear's wedding, long frive home on a Sunday night, but it was good to go.
#OWIF: The housesitter ETA: 9pm. I plan to gain his trust then light the M80s in the Buggymelon I hid under his bed when he falls asleep.
you're hotter than the suna, I wanna pull em clothes off your body like a banana
It took me 1 minute to get over you being home.
that is an interesting combo! I know you are influential about Austin and social media, was there a catagory for cartoons?
Getting ready to enjoy a few cold beers...
Full drunk tired: the sequel to eat pray love
Watching Cowboys and Aliens. I love a flick.
when do you think gods gonna smite you down? I wanna get my picket together for your joke of a funeral
I know.... An this coming from a meskin
I just remembered the name of that book I was telling you about. It's "The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society."
rain, rain go away
Hey, it was nice talking with you at the 2012 Walk for Autism!
We're all done with our shows, its party time til Sunday!
June 2nd will TOTALLY be a YOLO kind of day.... Guaranteed .
Don't forget to catch alum & coach Scott Brooks on the show 6pm ET,
#bowwownation why my friends don't want to go to Miami with me :'( I really want to party with Wizzle.. who can I run too
Do you have that Louisiana Purchase?
Man, what a game lastnight
joining the throngs of mac users and planning 2012. it's going to be good. 2012 that is. not the mac users.
While surfing, all my banner ad are for international flights - you know me so well!
I think the Charlotte City Council meetings may be our new hang our spot on Monday nites!LOL Maybe we'll see ur face in the place next time!
You must regret the day u left me ....still trying to get back ....with me no
New to this so help me out.
People in the NW are prone to vitamin-D deficiencies - discovered through a blood test and solved by a vit-D prescription. Fight Depression
omg!!@!!! that is like what crazy.
Coldplay all day tomorrow at the shop. Inspired. LOVE the set too!!
Hi IMAP issue, cannot find server. Yes, I need a housecall.
"Just look on the bright side…it’ll only get worse!” He snickered as he smacked the toaster... ~ Paul Usher (Subjected: Eye of God)
House OKs $36.5 million to keep #Hornets in New Orleans
Er I guess I mean groundhog
I don't get it ::shrugs:: I just know that my servers stay locked up, and if I was a baddie I'd go after the servers first
Should we start building an arc?
Just did an ego google search for "Mahmud" and found out I have my own wikipedia page and also my fb profile is one of the top results :D
When are your YouTube videos gonna be back up on YouTube???(: I'm about to die!”
what class is that?! Lol
I am really starting to enjoy having weekend nights off. :)
Thank you Talia! Warm wishes XOXO
New tattoo in week. So stoked to have Robot Tattoo and Piercing in NW doin the art work Shana is awesome.
Geoengineering, Regional GHG Initiative, training of TV meteorologists features of 5/5 yaleclimatemediaforum.org update. Check it out.
Ah it's almost time to hit the gym.. Um 5 more minutes of sleepy time z
ru speakin english et :) lol chink i wish i was busy. New icon :)
at the mall with my girls
she thinks were dating. She was like if I guess will you tell me lol. She picked Alex first though.
I ate like a pig....collard greens, macaroni w/cheese, yams, baked chicken, peach cobbler and coconut cake
love you :)
Presentation shows economic downturn in Palmetto Bay- & yet 3 of council want 2 spend non-recurring revenues - reserves on Thalatta
Thanks for following ! Great to meet a fellow ILL-er!
So its not pronounced ZoeY ?
Hooray for a great launch week!! Look for exciting new offers on Monday as well as a National Offer on Wednesday!!
RT : What happens to books of non-complying classes? "Books Are Stored While Tucson's Mexican-American Studies Is...
Living in Portland is like living in a black and white world, and then when the sun comes out you're in Oz.
Herbal medicines for oral thrush contain serious lead levels - VietNamNet Bridge
DONT HACK MY TWITTER ACCOUNT THATS PERSONAL.
Secret Country is turning this place into a ho down for sure!
Oh, that was Too Much Pizza. At least we walked there and back, so it's not a total loss. Definitely doing some dancing/yoga tonight!
Belated TY for following me :-) Somehow thought I was already following you back. Don't know why not.
I apologize for being myself do I offend your punk ass?
don't do it
Yes, check out the schedule that came in the package.
same as my twitter handle. Caution: I don't have a normal thought process, but my mom had me tested. It's all good.
dss on the daily 6 month really paid off. Thanks
Thank you!
Sorry i was too busy working #wishMyPrezWouldFollow rt : In case you missed it, President Obama slow james the news on Fallon
I ate your last pint. You gonna be home this wknd for Easter? RT Tues Flavors: Macadamia Nut & Key Lime Pie
I've been told that a cheater is always a cheater, I've got my pride and she's got you!
girl ok I'll b over
I like being busy and doing things. "Chilling" does not really work for me.
RT “: #ToBeHonest I don't hate you, it's just you turned into something else. I rather not be around you anymore...”
Great pic -- thanks for sharing!
That was cute.
Why did i get out of bed today???
hit me on fb
u get cranky when on sugar withdraw? sounds like some people round here...
Here's a refrain from an old song, "If you have something to say, better say it now." Make it quick, this cat & mouse thing is a bore.
I did of course! I have 111 episodes recorded. Lol
Things I did not know about O' Hare: b/t terms 1 & 2, there's a fancy sushi bar & Johnny Rockets.
Yeah I don't get the parody account tht shit jus feel like u hiding behind some one else I don't know
DT has been strong against both Auburn and LSU, what does he need to prove? A steady O-line is much bigger issue for Ducks IMO
Timeline wont load
Allegro will be performing Dance Gallery on March 15 at Ohio County Library in Wheeling @ 7pm --tickets on sale now!!
RT : No matter what we've done or where we've been, every single one of us can change.
awe :D thank you, wee needa chill real soon(:
Start your week off right with breakfast!
Can't wait to worship w/ the ALWC fam this morning. Starting a brand new teaching series "ASK-SEEK-KNOCK".
omgg can't wait for those it's gunna be like Christmas morning 🎄🎅🎁
Beautiful day for baseball
Thank you Lauren! Let's make this final push for our future, Baltimore! “: +1 for !”
If hell is other people, then, considering we're born wedded to ourselves and incapable of filing for divorce, where are we when alone?
I just ate dinner so now it's nap time. After my nap it will be time to get get up so I can go to bed....grunt
MDA is known for wearing down his players. first year STAT was here he played a career high in minutes under MDA
I like when a guy shows his emotions.
If U are a girl who didn't want to either write a travel food blog or have a show on traveling & food raise your hand. YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE
Excited For New Jonas Album 43
Snooze is such a good concept.
. is up next at #MPressFest #SXSW2012! She goes on at 1:10PM at the Soho Lounge (217 E. 6th st.)! Don't miss her!
Just shot the Gotham dance theater with This documentary will be great
Cake cake cake cake Cake cake cake cake Cake cake cake cake
did u read it
Its involuntary I swear....i zone out and my eyes glaze over every time he opens his mouth to speak...callate por favor
It's official. Football SUCKS without the Packers
Hate you.
I`m missing my first softball game this saturday . UGHH But Family comess first so
we've now got an #api but it's still private you're not allowed to see it (yet).
On April 13th at 8pm; am gonna watch #ABDC Season6 . . . Can't wait to see it so excited!!
You cast a spell on me , you hit me like the sky fell on me <3
14 days till DC Boy of Splurge Gang is Released from his 11 month sentence
BOBBY I LOVE YOU
So I'm invisible to you now? That's cool. I have always wanted a superpower.
The sun is shining, the birds are chirping, the skanks are cuffing, today is gonna be a beautiful day.
ugh! Hot glue strings in my eyelashes!
Big goal by Gaborik! Rangers needed that
I just got soaked by a 3 year old.
#nowplaying a breath beneath by the absence
That was funny.
yes they are but not till Monday of next week.
how about a fiction book using some of your experiences, kinda like secret driary ofna call girl but with
The Mayor's Youth Townhall on Athletics @ Deanwood Rec. Ctr. was awesome! DC Youth Rock!!!
can u go on prezi plz!!! ASAP!!!
I'm not an actress but I'll improv my ass off to be on
HUH HUH HUH HUH how I laugh lol k
Chiropractor said I'm moving better today:) Yey
Ran my first 5K today! Came in 3rd in my age group 31 minutes 54 seconds. Kinda proud! Feels good
I do not try to dance better than anyone else. I only try to to dance better than myself | Mikhail Baryshnikov
Who Want My 13,000 Tweet ?
you are incredibly lucky to have that. My family lost the generation who could do that without recording history
Kindness of strangers... Amazing the big impact of such small things!
SO TRUE. RTRTRT No way an #Aquarius will back off from what cause they're fighting for. They don't stop till they are done"
Lol. Oh wow! We need to get office jobs together boo!!
i just saw you on my timeline thought i would bother , no interupting lol
If you enter the United States while being deemed “legally inadmissible” by the immigration laws of the federal government
My goal is to write something so amazing that Scott Brick will agree to read it for the audiobook.
#Seahawks take another LB, grabbing Bobby Wagner out of Utah State in the 2nd round.
Jesus, being Republican is like some kind of fucking religion. Fuck all y'all, can't people change their mind?
If you asked me to guess what perfume the lady next to me is wearing, I think I'd have to say every one she owns.
UK making a statement to the rest of the nation!
What do you think is the best part about being a mascot?
Mexican Grandmas cooking.>>>
Nothing better than hanging with Female Super-Fans! Count me in. Any big time games that weekend? Survival Sunday?
looking for #Austin band to start vitriolic and public feud/rivalry. could use publicity.
#imadeleter for sure
It's Friday night! Bet you've got pub crawling on your mind ;)
I've actually never had one :) Think I've been missing out. But I ran into a mailbox once.
still watching lil wayne takeover and if you want to no what song it is how 2 love
that would be awesome:) tyy<33
Oh my, this story on about neighborhood pets being stolen and used for bait in dogfights is just heartbreaking.
My prayers are with you and your family
I'm gonna go eat and then ill see if I can spend the night over at a freinds house. I will destroy him in ultimate marvel vs capcom 3
what you mean for?
LaMar Miller is a beast!
looks great! Can't wait to see it when you guys reopen!
I'd rather have someone who -shows- me they care than someone who just says it <3
Yay. Just met from q 106 :)
Thanks for the follow! Honor us with your presence :)
Happy Mother’s Day! “Mother’s hold their children’s hand for a short while, but their hearts forever.” – Unknown
Your welcome
thank you(:
Hold on everyone! Change is coming and change is good! I'm super excited about what is happening and I know you will too.
Busy man, busy. We were on last night! Anyone catch us?????
I wanna see The Lucky One like right now
Eek. usually talks me down at times like that (any thoughts, Mark?)
Awesome!!! Great life lesson ;)
we were so proper last night
I love orange juice *.* :)
Football is so wack
Oh ok reading it was Jessica biel
im gonna go watch Jaws 2 and fall asleep with my puppy because im just that cool
A relationship tested through time and distance is the hardest but the strongest.
If you could have us personally serenade you, what would you want us to sing?
hop in the back private, what are ya? A girl or somethin? I love you woody (:
WEB NEWS: Roundup of single page websites
On the docket this weekend: & for starters. What more do you need.
Fond du Lac police: fallen officer is Craig Birkholz. He was 28 years old and a 5 year army veteran. Had been with FDL Police for 2 years.
Highlands 70 Woodford Co. 8 -- FINAL
Yay! Thanks for inviting me to I finally got the in
no when I looked at you, you were staring over here!
Still some snow cover plus clear skies will drop temps into the upper 20's. Continual melting tomorrow with sun and highs in 50's.
Good work this year. Thanks a million!
ah, but that would be productive of me...
Watching friends !
I would want a couple vicodins too, if I had to deal with kids all day.
I am tattooless but hear good things bout
I'm walking on sunshine! 😄☀
Why am I always hungry!? I just ate!!
Harden not no patty though....nbs
I think I am the only friend that has
I love it when u talk shit to me when were having sex...sometime u dont even have to say.i can tell how u throw that p@$&y bk, that its mine
I can't come - but has known that. Have a BLAST!! Thinking of u guys! :)
You on facebook?
you welcome :)
nothing much, listening to music. you?
No problem, love. :)
That's technically illegal. You should throw a hissy fit.
Seriously.!! If you don't wanna get hitted on then don't the pics that you post.!! -.-
that is surprising! And sad...my glasses are by her.
good for you!
Getting tired of rich white guys trying to convince everyone else that the other rich white guys are out of touch....
Anytime, anytime Kosi.
Sometimes you don't need all the flash to get the best shot.
In flight movies with occasional vertical hold is not recommended #FTW,000ft
can i come?? please...i'll bring food
heard that.
I need to cut out almost 6 minutes out of show tonight. NO FUN.
I think part of same problem -- in some areas, we have unduly high expectations of our stuff.
Noodles & Co NEW Fishers restaurant, open hiring tomorrow from 10a-12p, 8654 E 96th St, Outgoing? Energetic? Enthusiastic? Apply in person!
ha ha. i just couldn't pass that up. obi wan!
Adults with food allergy session with Allergic Girl conference! Yay!
A5: give avg fan unique access via on-site content or digital interaction w/ players/team
i will do that cool ur the best!
what's your favorite hockey team?
thought that nigga was doing a reverse lay in
RT : Great to see you on Klout. The more Outsource Service providers the better the quality of data.
Draft prospects are NOT flying up and down team draft boards - that's just media/websites adjusting to what they didn't previously know
I love you
im so gonna retweet that!
I need a new job that doesn't involve deliveries. Anyone hiring?
indeed we are. Only your company would make it perfect!! Miss you! & we'll have a chocolate croissant for you ;)
I see u in the crowd! Your turn next!?!! :)
Haha Carlos Always Amazes Me (:
Lots of ice overnight... below freezing temps with the rain, so the wires and trees are coming down a bit. You okay there?
thanks for the advice
Feels so good 2 b off
Where? At a South Side Goodwill?
RT : The greatest danger to our future is apathy. -Jane Goodall - Met Jane several years ago, an incredibly interesting woman
aannnddd celebratory beer time
Awesome. "Church is not a museum for the good people, but a hospital for the broken." -
I was just told that I'm the best cracker ever :) #awe :)
Hahahaha this is true. Are you thinking of the same brown eyed hottie from Texas that I am? ;) hahaha
Olive leaf actually helps
Beautiful example of unconditional love and acceptance. Thomas & Em Wedding (Part 2): via
Clever advertising billboard campaign by Milwaukee Public Library. "Put your face in a book."
Glad to hear it! Hopefully you were hanging out w !
kool an i live on da cumberland plateau its rite by d big soouth fork alotta mountains lol but i love it here
um no thank u. U breached the first one
Yepp, my aunt just got a Katy Perry cd. Happy mothers day to all
Today, you were a good day. Good work everybody.
working again today til about 830! Hopefully I can get out early!
When im depressed i cute myself .... A peice of cake
Still fun to poke at though. And softball season is a mere few weeks away. How many nights you playing? I am in 3
I am making progress :) slowly but surely. I'm actually trying some people out the rest of the next 2 months for my project
EXCELLENT rationalization! Thanks!
Watch present March 13
Any New York Yankees fans out there...how did you find the game??
Yeah Colin, I get it. You don't like the midwest teams in the playoffs. Get over it. Go back to sucking up to the East coast
want some? They ship! Though Im pretty sure Aussie customs would intercept the eff out of them.
You have brought organization to the young. The gods are very pleased.
no. :((((( I don't have connections.
Too lazy to do my hair tonight.
I'm a lot like an NBA center in that I don't prepare for beach season but rather "play myself into shape".
Word of the Day: Fun
Homeless seats next to me, I say, "this is my stop" really just change carts so I don't have too smell her. I turn back, she on with me.
All I want is for you to notice me<33
last road meal.
Just realized I got a Gilt credit from you!! Love you!
There are millions of orphans in the world and I want to cause a wave of adoptions! Have you ever thought about adopting a child?
Make sure to print the ones that mean something. I make books every year.
Theres bunch of open seats on th bus surrounding where Im at y must u plop ur ass down rite in my personal space????
I think my heart just skipped a beat : )
Gearing up for a fabulous weekend!
Dug out some Kingston Trio for Sunday morning music session
You're welcome.
It Feels Like Friday , I Wish It Was ! -_____- Today Should Be Surprising <3
Butterfly in the sky, I can fly twice as high... so take a look, it's in a book READING RAINBOW
Mumford and Sons on the lawn by Bass
Still going?
I think I wrote on someone's wall meaning for it to go 2 someone else. I'm so tired I can't remember if I actually did it.hurts to think lol
Thanks PubNub. We'll have more to show you soon!
Phil are you an hour ahead of me?
going nowhere fast we've reached the climax
I love Teles! I approve. Watched a bio of Roy Buchanan the other day - AMAZING.
Bulls are effed. RT : BREAKING: Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee, will miss remainder of playoffs.
I see got jokes today!!!
Love and props to my boy for saying in the game
Congrats & on the upcoming nuptials!! All of the best to both of you. , did he trick you?
wait, please give me a couple more days!
Brittany Griner is my hero (Baylor covered the spread handsomely) #gambling degenerate
Really thought I would see more people tonight with it being Cinco de Mayo, but I only saw &
I've loved sp since I'm just a kid came out! And when they were in ny min with the olsen twins! I need to see them again!
Fate is for those too weak to determine their own destiny.
I just spent a wonderful morning and afternoon learning Thai home cooking with culinary genius #Su-Mei Yu.
James harden
Print subscribers to the Sunday Times, don't miss the final page of the Book Review today! The bookshop door glamour shot is fantastic.
#FF Tweets I actually read (theme?):
thanks, u2
Wow! Should I be offended?!!
At LMU they got catalogers involved with best practices for ERM resource record fields
I'm so tired ugh
thanks for RTs!
I love it! RT : Share RT : This Subway is making my life!!!
it would make not just my day but my year if you would reply to me
wow that song really is stuck in your head..I had fun today we got to do it again before you leave:)
what's their excuses for being late all the other times??? We shouldn't have to pay a fare if the wait is longer than 15 min!
I can't stand daytime TV...
not the outcome I was hoping for should have won!
Twitter on iPad >
Dear Pizza Delivery Truck That Looks Like A Vacant Cab: stop confusing everybody. Also, what are you doing delivering pizzas at 8am?
PR Tip of the Day: Never, ever burn a reporter with bad information. If they can’t trust you as a source, you will no longer be a source.
recall news: 14 humans sickened w/ Salmonella via Diamond brand dog food(several recently recalled). Touching pets after feeding may b cause
“Art is not a thing, it is a way.” ~Elbert Hubbard
I'm glad my daughter has gotten a grasp on this and chosen to really have control and limited the on line usage & totally focus on school 👏
on our way
What I really need is a puppy .-.
The Christmas lights are strung, with two new strings this year. Bring it on, neighbors.
Mama is so proud of you. Keep doing it honey.
AH k
#fourwordsaftersex Make me a Sandwich :)
hello(: just stopping by to see how your doing?
Fact: rain is NOT good on fire!
This "Shit Chicagoans Say" is hilarious! Its on point too...
Naw I think I still got the charger. Its cause I found my blue version pokemon. (X its 1(310)694-2136 just text me with your name
Woohoo!!! Been looking forward to this for weeks!
I'm so done wit bitches on here
Mum said to delete a picture on her fb cus I put a pic of "almost" naked men on it. No it's just a pic of mine & it shows up on ur wall! Lol
Will do! I told her you're "the woman" to talk with!
I would love if putting sunscreen on you was MY day job. :)
who know bout Mr.Lucci??! #TEXASFREESTYLEMASSACRE jammin right now
Love for my boys! Go
Well you've somehow managed to make it without me for the last month.. :(
BREAKING NEWS - TRIVIA AT 10pm EST - check back in for question for chance to WIN band - RT & follow
Like a good neighbor James Scott is there!
I think so. Atheism has gained currency as a distinct, affirmative identity. Different than non-believer.
I bet your other half is extremely jealous over all the media frenzy about you!
Need to take control of your health? Start with small changes and create better health outcomes for yourself today!...
I agree with lol
Pretty amazing "Crazy Hacking" session with Learning about shutting down govt at
"A ship in port is safe, but that's not what ships are built for."– Grace Murray Hopper
Wedge's lineups are a constant source of frustration. RT : And Seager (who sat on the bench for 3 days, ahem, ahem) has 2 hits.
Damn lol :-P
great match today! Way to hang tough in that first breaker. That was fed cup tough
God, Atlanta needs film/theater criticism with a point of view! Leave off with the random opinionating.
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way
i swear sometimes my mom just bitches and complains just because she hasnt done it all week, and needs to do atleast once
Well I am not evil. Tilly is evil.
Awesome!! #furthestdistanceaward RT : Landed from Orlando went straight to Meet #TopChef & eat
WebiMax Launches London Internet Marketing Initiative Assisting London Businesses Capitalize on Rise in Visitor Web ...
i have been talking to forever ahaha ...we might hang out tomorrow
TST getting some love! Always cool when a team cares for the fans. Go Rams!
Oh wait, I'm thinking about Avatar - the last airbender, not your Avatar. I think M. Night is making the live action Airbender.
If i have two accounts, and I change the new one to my old name, does everything transfer?
That's not fair. I envy your social skills. My difficulty with public speaking for large auds keeps me away from leadership.
We're looking for some independent landlords that are interested in test-driving our new landlord rental system. Retweet this if interested.
OMG that's all I could say! We need the dash cam video!
Don't you hate it when you have that dream you are stuck in high school? I could have sworn I graduated, went to college, now an adult.
FYI we will be OPEN Christmas day for the game!! And free Shepard's pie at halftime!!
Montgomery, Perry, Russell & Tallapoosa Counties until 12:00 AM
Linsanity is taking over the NBA! Where did this kid come from? Fun to watch regardless, hope he sticks around
Record Store Day!
I can't even listen to Everybody Talks anymore because now it reminds me of Jared and Savannah.
Hawks are rocking the Celts early.. interesting...
“: ": Nutella is gross" what the hell is wrong with you”shut up" you first
Love how people just started tweeting #prayforlewismighty lol, just cause Niall tweeted it... Smh
I'm going to Atlanta. Be jealous.
they'll eventually just hand over to Whole Foods or something, because they can't pay the upkeep. The original purchase price
It's like the butterfly sensing another butterfly, but seeing a caterpillar.
then you're**
Mwaha let the social life begin
We love making someone's day! Wahoo! RT : made me so, so happy. Perfect day!
I'd rather expand on Jill Zarin "Good or bad, I know who I am, and I own it. And I'm bad! I'm a piece of shit!"
How come the most beautiful girls have the lowest self-esteem?
I'll take black, javs will take reg? #ihaddibs !?! I'll look at both, right now I'd say b then reg, could change mind
granted, that one probably goes to the itunes store vs. data which wouldn't require a signal... but you never know.
": cheer up pretty lady!" I need to see YOU.
you're very welcome :{)
u know I take that as offense
Should be studying but fuck that
#nisoEbook LaRue Libraries spending more money with less control; fragmented content with each vendor having own portal
Take tmrw to reflect on consumption. be more than a consumer. try putting as much back as you take out.
You'll do fine! Just dont start trembling like you always do (; RT : Just got word I'm tomorrow nights MC... Lovely.
I feel like crap...sniffle*sniffle...tea, sleep, hopefully...
hey stay dry tonight.
agree he needs to expand his def. of innovation 2 include social patterns, but think he has a point about other stuff.
Braun is the 4th player in #Brewers history to have 100 HR & 100 steals. Joining Yount, Molitor and Weeks. trivia Sunday.
shut up, mawressssssaaaaa I wuv you and your booty poppin self 
Ok Ms A&R lol, Im good, None myself
you're welcome. -radio
Born misfit!Could not fit in the European culture and neither I can in the North American! I
72 days left to go....
Time to revisit Arizona ... because is getting married Saturday! Desert bound!
LeBrick at the foul line tonight, with the pressure more finely focused in a close game.
im just mad cuz u aint down, like you said u was and i fucked it up like u said i would but dont be tryna play me, in my kirko voice
Lol caught U lacking g ! Hacked by ( :
Bored text me
Twitter is so awkward right now....
Sure, that's the passive way out. I'm looking at the activity of the mall from more of an ethical standpoint.
When you feel like an actual relationship might come from this. >>>>
I smoke blunts to keep tha pain out : if I wasnt high id prolly blow my fckn brains out _ tupaC
NYC, May 12, your favorite Nightmare will be on stage at Branded Saloon in NYC at 9pm. Hope yall ready! Me and my team are going to kill it.
have to live with the way they are playing and don't need the fan base giving them crap about it.
Hey hey it's such a beautiful day in Tampa whoop whoop!! :)
perhaps you could also stop mentioning the victim and the culprits?
I'm trying to plan a speed dating event in Pittsburgh. I think that would be dope! I got to start networking & get some things together.
Doing 3rd mixdown of a demo I made for one of John's songs. This time my lead vocal is on pitch. :)
The Women's Final Four is coming to Denver this weekend! Come get your fan gear at TCA today!
What happened last night?
Ladies in Charge! RT Can't wait to see my fav LA girls tonight!!
I am loving this cold weather! It's beginning to feel a lot like #Christmas!!
Listening to music
Thanks for the follow Tuck! Right back at you :)
awe thank you! Means a lot honestly all you #moms4bieber are truly amazing! Thank you!
We're on twitter! Check us out !
I do love how big and blue the lake is.
link not working
just you wait ;)
Up and getting ready for the first baseball game of the season.
“There must be more to life than having everything.” ― Maurice Sendak
watching grey's anatomy.
Plus classic animation from Norman McLaren that pretty much changed my life when I saw it as a teenager. (-Steve)
Wer da girls dats wife matiral and faithful and got day minds right
YOU WIN! Plz DM us your full name so we may guestlist you +1 for tonight. xoxo
Really you want to
southwest had a hole the ripped open the top of a section of the plane. They took 80 of their planes out of service.
91 yr. old woman murdered in her home in Georgetown, 2 blocks from my old apartment. What the what?!
Ah two of my favorite ladies :) Desperate for God and in inspiration to me. Love you both!
all my friends hate me because i tweet you 2much, so you should be my new best friend
God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers. ~ Jewish Proverb ~ HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!
Don't miss today on with & ! 730pm EST!
at work for another 26 hours. And is raining and cold
Did someone say $5 Martinis? We did! All day today, just 5 dollars gets you any regular or specialty martini.
how we ganna do this best ball with 5 people? Mike might have to be on his own team haha
Jus watch me
I need new people around me. I need to get away and never look back, My heart is very troubled
Yep, 6 MST. @ me when you're around :)
got #so listen during spring break I cant stop pressing replay!!! :)
by who and what army !!
Theoretical ? . If or when cancels GH someday, do you think you'll stay & work with main TAPS group?
LOL!...Luckily for our clients we believe in coaxing the body into proper alignment.
Guess you're just like all the rest!
Bob from that 70s show is jacked I thought he was always fat
Just take off your fear, I'll take off your clothes!!!
people you had not known before. 12May the LORD reward your deeds. May you have a full recompense from the LORD, the God of #Torah 39/99
considering they were towing cars I would go with yes
love u 2
High of 65 today. After yesterday's sunburn fiasco, i'll take it
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)13
Buy a book as a gift, not a e-reader gift card #makeitpersonal Why not buy one from our used bookstore?
not to mention Nyjer was thrown out at home.
Me without YOU is like a shoe's without laces, A nerd without braces, & a Sentencewithoutspaces. ♥
Spinning tonight at Big nose Kate's from 12 -3 21+ only
If you're in El Paso, check out tonight for their release party. Oh, and also buy me a cd.
nope. its just like idk hes just annoying and keeps asking me for pictures. he started texting me when he was drunk:/
lmao okay and I dont care lol they can come
I need to be asleep right now, but I'm at work. DAMN
Ha but u not right doe
Denial yeah that is your first stage now he's in the stage of self indulgence... remember criminal records are forever
Its so hot out .
Plan your next corporate event . . . . email for packages and rates
you don't believe it's marriage. Fine. But don't regulate it through more government. The church should not run the government.
For following me
$2/$3 small Arni's drafts. Enjoy your Monday :)
I know, it's a follow friday, as in telling my other followers to go follow you. And I'm thanking you for following me :)
great. great. spent time with the fam. now school has started
Negativity is contagious. Negative energy surrounding you will have an impact on you sooner or later. Keep your surroundings positive.
Remember folks, sign up for our newsletter in order to get specials and event notifications.
Whats up! If you like us, follow our friends in Hermosa Beach
Raise your hand if you're wearing ORANGE today!! Happy Friday the 13th!...make it a good one!
that was a good one :)
Fans really need to remember sports are cyclical. Pittsburgh had a decade of success. Sports Gods changin' things up.
I can't wait till I'm off, I need cuddles and a nap!
is it any worse or better than tofurky? I'm not sure. It just makes me think of Atwood's chick nubbins.
Saw a pod of whales on my beach walk tonight! Amazing!
yes I am.... And yes we can
Good morning!!!
Looking for some classic bling?! Check your phones for today's deal from Grand Jewelers for a discount on your grill!
Check a PR company's track record and media relationships when deciding who to work with, from
hit you sometime this weekend then
If Packers had a RB like LeGarrette Blount,A-Rod would break all the records he just set.
Smiles and laughter make every day brighter!!! :-)
i'm not your side girl, make up your mind.
saw you on , happy to follow. Swim, Bike and Run Strong brotha.
Tomorrow's 10pm #SFF Format: Audience Coaches! Audience members choose the host, the teams, the games, then guide their teams to victory!
Joey!!! when you are coming back to LA for a visit??
Yep! Pass the video on too! ;)
For real the Zooey Dechanel commercial is so annoying! Is that rain?... You're looking out the window you stupid idiot! #ShutUp!
thanks! Keep watching, and we'll keep making!
Haha... it was a good kind of sad. Completely connected with desire to ensure pet is comfortable even if its more difficult.
#onlyintheghetto can u be older than ur uncle
Be careful out there tonight.
please say it ain't so. I want my Tebow and noone else. Don't have room for manning so he can just leave.
good! Have a great Saturday!
We dig your song "Need a little something." Do you play in Houston often?
Only 60 randgloves? I think we need more!
HomeSweetHome. time for Grey's Anatomy
i am probably one of the most "unappreciative" people.. or so im told
Obamacare #SCOTUS arguments as Beckett play, pt 2: "The question is, do we want half a loaf or a shell?" --Elena Kagan
I love my best friend.
Ya ever jut fuckin laugh out of no where? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAGAGAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Let 'em know your boy is live!
I want some Auntie Annie's :}
Secret Services not allowed any secret services of their own. Shame.
#NP "Take a Look at My Life" Fat Joe
New post: Edge Memory DiskGO! 500 GB Hard Drive
RT : “Spring is the time of plans and projects.” -Tolstoy, Anna Karenina
For Mother's Day my 83 yo mom just bought herself a new tablet. Go Mom!
oh cool, and yes I am :D
We're already taking reservations for Halloween weekend! Big plans? Never go out on an empty stomach! Reserve today at 305.673.1312.
Testing your history knowledge:Q-In 1917 who was the US president & what future US president was born? DM your answer to win super prizes!
My drive home today is longer than my FLIGHT was
He'll be back to crazy in no time. RT : Uh oh.... KG has gone from crazy to calm...
If you haven't checked it out yet, DealShow is still live and selling great stuff cheap! www.dealshow.com
WHAT HURTS THE MOST!!!!
so great to see you! hope it's not as long before the next time!
Your are both welcome!
": Josh is so gay." I am not gay
RT : Sharon- I just packed some from Colorado for you. See you later this afternoon! <Thx Ben! Hey & I've got swag.
Dont play with me because i know i can play better than you Sorry :))
when does school start back up for everyone?!
just downloaded it.
“You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger” - Buddha
And he's still staring!!!!!
Photo shoot, Trina Turk
I don't like how the iPad won't play my Music Videos :( And why none of my TV or film are showing up anywhere... i'm confused
had to say it lmaoo ima be back on punishment lmao
I love shades where you can't see my eyes
Jesse checks of course!
yea if you can
thanks scott...its been a long 4 months!
Check out how sideline fanatics at Auburn, Bucknell and University of Florida rock their #SweetU kicks and game day gear...
This Brewers team just lacks tenacity without Prince. I am sorry to say...
what channel are the senatre hearings on, on Direct TV
Did you know you can follow on twitter as well ?
Florida man FREED after DNA testing determined he didn't commit the rape. He was in prison for 34 years.
thanks. Clink clink
Badgers slim chances | Enhanced by bad play calling | Two runs and field goal |
#mobilityshifts bob stein's new 'social book' will be completely browser based (a very good thing!)
Ignorance is kind
THIS IS THE TALE OF CAPTAIN JACK SPARROW, PIRATE SO BRAVE ON THE SEVEN SEAS
Something you should only eat once a year. An open face sandwich with your choice of meat topped with fries and cheese sauce.
what up lil bro
Umm...women who smoke is such a
After listening to Santorum, I'm now for late-term abortions (say up to age 53).
I RT you. pop of UK is 60m+ not 6.2. Can you correct pls.
lakers make it to the second round by a whisker
I played your game, :)
layin in bed thinkin back to the good old days when skinned knees from fallin off your bike were the worst thing ever
Frosted flakes, cut up banana's & a cup of Orange juice to start off the day 8-) o-|< =)
dj crush is the man when it comes to serato mix emergency knowledge- dj crush hotline coming soon lol!
Date night again! I could get used to this...
Trust in Him - always!
I JUST GOT THIS ,,,Yo I need everyone to blast this song off 4me please.This Lil Kim New Single and we got to make it major. LMS
William Pitt~ Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom. It is the argument of tyrants it is the creed of slaves.
#ConstanciCrew I love the fact that its not a surprise to me that we got it trending!(: Haa'(:
How much are Kevin Hart tickets hitting for?
remembering that Elijah worked many miracles, and departed into heaven alive.
appreciate it :)
I know you don't need last months newspaper in your car laying around and shit!
big boo big big big big big big big boo
Any day I can listen to talk about Facebook is a good day.
Kobe got benched last night... About time somebody steps up and isn't scared to bench Kobe.. The team went on a 10-0 run with Kobe benched!
Happy bday barack
Will you have another redux? If so, I'll definitely come!
focus on school, because it's what your family would want - and it'll help facilitate better work down the road. How's that?
No Touching!
RPLA sorted food for the ! What did you do for #MLKday?
..~Action Is The Foundational Key To All Success~.. Pablo Picasso
Is it Saturday yet?
need me to move? ;)
Right did you move to Paris that's what I heard
Just remembered why I hate clothes shopping....
West Coast - It's 11:11...Make A Wish!!! #Believe and may all your wishes come true!
"I'm sorry that everyone's so jealous of me. I just can't help it that I'm so popular."
#McNeese St advances to the #SLC Championship game for the 2nd straight year, will face #Lamar on Saturday
Just got my hands on JL3 and Batman 3!! Can't wait till I leave the office to read them.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. ---Martin Luther King, Jr
Documenting Red Carpet Play Eagles UNDER 47
congrats to the winner, but I didn't see anyone else who even tried to win, I thought it was about directing traffic creatively???
Bring it on little brother
so awesome!! That TOTALLY made my day!
what value; when u dont have players to fill roster enough! I guess they need players not need!
is whats up : )
It is great to be back in LA--four auditions in my first three days back!
Q: What's your New Years Resolution?
have you ever tried a pimento burger?
I feel bad..
Sucks staying up late everyone falls asleep on you,welp at least I got my country music
Reading a fun book & drinking a beer with the on in the background. *sigh* :)
wondering if you could help market our one chance initiative apparel. WWW.brotherapparel.com
Happy Valentines Day everyone :3 - Ryon
Good to know. Was thinking of trying tumblr out but maybe not.
just a reminder that we are CLOSED for a wedding today! But we will be ready for you at brunch or Sunday Supper tomorrow!
Team America, fuck yeah!
Ruby supports different templatting systems, OOTB here we're using "ERB." I think.
I said it once, and i will say it til the day i croak.. U .. Are.. Amazing. :)
swerve . swerve .
Rt : The way #NewHampshire coverage is building, wondering when someone will do a live blog about our live blog about blogs and tv.
Finally I have finished my last passage, so now I can get some rest :)
very true
Nice, good luck! This for the TSG blog?
"I'm digging through data..." sung to the tune of "Dig For Fire" by The Pixies. I love
Ok im woke now
Hey, it's "Unicorn Shepherd" u need 1 to lead the rest of the unicorns that make up your designvelopment team. :p
Just sent off the copyright form for my article...Publication processes are interesting...very mystical and otherworldly
Im Rockin in my Rock Jeans
Love that scene! Back in the good ol' days when AZ had a production incentive bill and Old Tuscon Studios was very active
And... your looking at me!! lol nah, i wish!
Brochures are in the mail! Not on our mailing list? Email for more info! 816.531.PLAY www.unicorntheatre.org
RT Jets kicker Josh Brown's base salary is $825,000 in 2012, per NFLPA records
Thank you fro following me, i look forward to reading your thoughts and insughts on eLearning :)
Thanks for spreading the word!
Ladies and gents, our very own music director, performing with the moth!
RANGERS BABY!!
"Life happens in the evening". via
Thanks to Ronda, Katie, & Jim was a fabulous event for You ROCK!
I need Justin Timberlake & Trey Songz to make a song together like ASAP!
#IfItWasUpToMe We would all be Smokin'!!!!
very cool and i'm just a tiny bit jealous.
At least I'm getting my check in the morning !
Thanks, Dave! We're excited about our growth, too. Stay in touch.
The pace of this Kentucky-Indiana game is insane. Basketball equivalent of Hagler-Hearns.
hey you want me to put the hurt on him?.
thanks for the mention!! Oct 26 can't come soon enough!
saw your Q re: CEO... I def didn't work at HBR in the 70s, but what Qs do you have? Nice blog post.
Sometimes it seems that the going is just too rough. And things go wrong no matter what I do -Florence and the Machine
I agree
every1 that follows me, go and tell ur friends to follow me! i promised myself i would get at least 1,00 followers by june! lets make do it!
....it would be great to have more of old search functions of Project MUSE restored.
Another goal by gives the an 8-4 lead. 9 mins left in half.
You do likewise :)
haha yay, he's awesome huh?
Hahahahahahaha the video is much better!
Who is watching America's got talent
Fridays are such fun days to shoot outdoors with people.
Why is it always so god damn cold on planes
Texans up to pick
will do! it'd be nice to meet her.
The bus driver made the bus kneel for me when I got off. How it should be! Now everyone must kneel to me! KNEEL MINIONS!
any tips for to make Hipstamatic stop crashing? If my photos are on high setting, the software crashes. even after reinstall
Someday...SOMEDAY I'll have a bf for god's sake. Single since 1996 ahaha.
oh man I missed the boat. I'm watching horrible tv and waiting for child services to save this kid.
Watching Secret Life !
Just realized that Carlos from BTR is in an episode of Ned's Declassified. Omg. He was like 12
Just b/c I love to stay at home on the weekends in my PJs and hang out with my dogs doesn't mean I'm a homebody. Okay, yes it does.
Haha Richard Pryor is a true role model
And made my wish when 11:11 came and went. I believe its for...
Getting tired of all the iPad hype filling up the intertoobs.
“: Take the time reflect on Dr. King's contributions to the Civil Rights movement and his love for mankind #HappyMLKDay”
dude you need to RELAX
If happily ever after did exist, I would still be holding you like this.
You might see me on ustream today..:) <3
im promise to start this day off so cool man
indeed it is.
#oneofthesedays I will complete my NEW Cat Art!
Holidays are the worst in this family too its the time of year to scream and shout and blame everyone else for your problems
The hawks and knicks putting up points today.... still 10 min left & its already 99-98
I'm no poser :'( do you think I'm a poser ?
No complaints at all! It's awesome to work for such a great company. I still want to catch up soon!
A true friend >> RT : You are an idiot. Stop while you can still dial a phone. Then call a friend. Or a taxi.
I was assuming cos your last tweet, & I wanted to make sure ._.
I like both, sweet words and actions and I'm a real woman:)
Just waking up! Felt amazing to finally sleep in a bit! I'm so over this 12 page annotated bibliography!!!!
and now starting QB for the Denver Broncos.....John Elway!
If he dress like a gap model
*Sings "ice cream paint job" in my T Dawwwwg aka voice* RT : go hard in the paint.
Why are sunny spring days Led Zeppelin days?
I always wonder what the diff is b/w a "slender" novel & a novella
When was the last time you felt like you were on top of the world?
February is discount month..save $25-150$ off All our services this month only. SEO packages start at $200 Custom Websites $450
Pillsbury Winthrop is said to be in merger talks w Fulbright & Jaworski. Full story on DJ online.
MAN I REALLY WISH I WAS THERE!!!!!
Kloppenburg has a 224 vote lead for now - but there are still 3 areas left.
haha but I would only be like a little bit. Shit I need you here and valerie I only have 2 friends here
AND THIS DOG STILL SHAKING!!! HAVING BAD DREAMS AND SHIT... SHE GOTSS TO GO!!! LLS.
Go Celtics.... Go Ray!
If you are nervous about a change to your software, you need more (or better) tests.
I like how the majority of people here are either wearing camo hats, flannels, or cowboy boots.
Like my avatar playa....
MFNW is over...saw 11 bands total and only 2 were openers that were really bad... my favorites were Blind Pilot and Typhoon...
See you in court Goodell! Sincerely, and the rest of NOLA.
Chief Chuck Gordon to unidentified shooter in Tulsa - "We're comin' for ya" live right now
true i have to admit that dance was good
BRAIIIINNSSSS (i need some, cuz mine is fried)
We are ready!!! RT : The verdict is in! Spring is on its way since Wynter did not see her shadow!
thanks for replying! We'll post the best answer later today! ;)
And I was so excited..
About to go live with more on Seaus death. I looked at public docs/court records trying to find out what might have led to this
": Chocolate martinis is my new favorite :) thanks " they are bomb
“: Do you like it?” it's ok. Not a big fan of it.
Haha, I saw they made it for android! It's funny how we were just talking about that today!!
They are great women! RT : , Thx 4March article on 's Cami and Stacie. They are truly doing a great...
Flying home tonight!!! NYC !!! Fucka ya
thanks man, much appreciated.
A5: It's up to the consumer to keep brands/companies in business so they should take our concerns into account.
stay on brief!!
Spencer Hawes is missing layups like he's not 7 feet tall
On this train sitting by myself bc I'm black
Confession: Woke up at 4 AM with the song "Call Me Maybe" stuck in my head. I could not get "Call Me Maybe" out of my head for 30 minutes.
Homework FUN. fml. jk. but seriously no that fun lol
Nothing fucks up your Friday like realizing its Tuesday.
Life is nothing more than a series of decisions. Even if we make the wrong one, we have a chance to make another.
Tonight at Lubin House is the Business Social! Who will be attending? Tweet at us!
All these grown ass men REALLY on Lil Boosie's dick though??? 👎👎👎
Arrived in Seattle yesterday afternoon. Today, getting supplies to officially start Into the Light Walk tomorrow.
yep!! y'all missed my birthday last month haha XD
The sick thing is that if I had the opportunity to request a super power for me it'd involve translating dead languages.
That's a wrap. Thank you for tuning in. I am exhausted. Times like these I want a drink. Sorry for clogging your stream.
I just looked threw all your photoshop pictures on twitter... I think i peed a little from laughin so hard!
good morning buddy how are you how's ky treating you
Happy 420 to all who enjoys it. Just enjoy it safely!
I get it. But you are not funny.
Listening to Holst's planets. Every motif in every sci-fi movie score is already there.
haha I thought thats who you might be talking about. Tell her I said hey!
So bored
Sweet, Happy National High Five Day to you too! #AirFive!
I can't let go of that light skin thing.
Just woke up from a little nap bout to eat some Mexican food already want 2nds
im not going to school i feel worse than last night...
apparently he also did Drop Dead Fred. Mind was blown. Haha.
what does he even have to talk to them about?!?
The #'s are Devastating: 1 out of every 54 boys are diagnosed with Autism Join us in the fight against Autism.
it hasn't changed, he is working to make us happy (:
tastes great and doesn't fill! That means I must fill spaces in the cellar that don't exist. Yet I will ...
RT : God as political consultant: At least four of the Republicans running for president say God told them to run......
Are you working for Facebook?
a ton of 80s bands didn't get the hint.....
This weekend was great! Getting my new phone after school tomorrow. Texting Michael. <3 Goodnight :)
God it's gorgeous outside...finally!
you can watch Daniel Orton on ESPN at 8
Should I stay hme or should I stay home.
I have nutella, Be jelly. :3
We are excited to have joined Twitter and look forward to keeping you updated about ICDS!
I don't understand how or why anyone uses OSX Spaces. Thoughts?
on a scholarship?? Shit I'm in there! N its great fam, how is it there?
I was at work <\3
Check out our photos from Saturday's volunteer day at St. Vincent De Paul!
Writing sick versus like my pen got cancer
I found watching that movie physically painful.
fuck you I can flip off a divin board or sumn lol
No. I wanted to make more. But I've been keeping busy. I got sick off & on over the winter, so I forgot about my VLogs too.
90's cabaret! This is really making me miss old music.
uh oh.... What's that mean for us now?
welcome, Michael! Glad you like them!
Okay. For real this time. Going to bed lol
Must reset internal clock. LA time is not Texas time. I want to sleep!
#realtalk RT : I see niggas tweet right before i knock out wake up next morning the same niggas still tweetin
you tell uncle Rick I said what's up and that he has good hair
no games, Browns have a new starter now who to throw to
Making head way in our company!!
where u at hoe
You are an outgoing hermit? You're confused.
she is so awesome!
I want Danny McBride to play you in the movie.
Countdown to #SandraCisnerosSymposium 7 days left. Lots of planning to do.
Now your just somebody that I used to know <3
Wow. Transferring domain registrars to domain.com was super easy. pretty pleased so far.
I respectfully disagree.
Watching #royalpains and enjoying it.
katy you sound fucked up!!!
“: Love learning, hate school”
Goodnews RT : you should know that is back in for Friday coffee
"something special is going on in our nation's capital" ...
Happy Monday everyone! What was the best part of your Holiday weekend?
Awesome! Glad you had a chance to school that student. :) Our trip was so amazing.
Sweet hymns of joy in grateful chorus raise we, let all within us praise his holy name!
And I'm sure several that only tenuously have a connection to jazz, but I reviewed 'em anyways. By the way, whose gig?
get at me with screenprint prices please
Well...off to run in the rain! Sunday = Brick Session
Not sure, yet, but I hope so! you guys made a delicious #gf meal for me last week. It was awesome!!
Who wants some
RT : If you cheat, lie & hurt them and they still give you a second chance, they love you."
to qualify to be a fucking spanish teacher you have to be a fucking dyke!
These last couple uh weeks as a teenager are gonna be spent doing all sorts of retarded teenage shit
I agree these assholes that boo him don't deserve to watch him
10 years ago today we got married! It's been difficult at times but we have turned this into an incredible partnership. I love you Sarah!
WHAT!? she didint get to finish telling me dm!!
nice, back to school? I'm good just getting ready for my move
La to the ma. Lama
idk lol if i changed the way i write it people might not like it xD But i'll try that for my next story:D
Thanks for listening Michelle!
I'm upset right now. Motherfucking upset.
making baked ziti that and i saw on #thechew this morning :)
Yes. Very sad, and organizational structure still doesn't value museum educators
Let's Go TEXANS!!!!!
An update to my Flash player is available! Cool!!
sadly, I would agree and I think I have also seen that statistic. Developmental Delay encompasses many "things" in this group
Just had a 30 second discussion with myself about the day of the week. I came to the conclusion that it's Wednesday not Tuesday
RT Good Morning! (:
Destroy doubt...Instill courage!
west side story is about gangs in the west side of new york but there was romance also
#TRUTH "...don't let anyone divert you from the truth. It's the person who acts right who is right..."
Scrolling thru my followers and saw man Mindless Behavior follow me -___- I'm deleting my account now
Brooklyn Decker flashes her knickers in see-through black lace dress and shows ... - Daily Mail
I want to punch spam in the face.
dead I say
Cutch needs to explain offense to the rest of the Pirates considering he's responsible for most of it anymore...
We love music @ ISLand Connex so what we are going to do is showcase Polynesian music (especially hip hop & r&b) & promote it!!!!
I'm looking for commercial printers in #Indy that are on Twitter. Anyone?
ANYTHING WHAT UP
Damn!!! It's colder than a hookas heart out here Maine!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME :D
Shopping with In between classes.
Thank you! :) and Yeah, Im in the San Fernando Valley .. You need some ink?
Awww. I love you Sebastian Smythe :) <3 Who doesn't love a bad guy? Especially a changed one? <3333
A wise man once said that learning how to play the guitar is a lot like trying to eat an elephant ... you can only do it one bite at a time.
What r #thoseladies up 2? This ladie is with her momma Yay!
No Scrubs, Backstreet Boys, Britney Spears, Nsync.
It's Women's Day today! Smile ladies, you're all amazing, beautiful, and insanely great!
Thank you, this was fun!
later gator
Hey, Little Ant by Phillip Hoose: To step on or not to step on...that is the question!
I was able to get a nap in after work today
are u a ny based actress
It is my understanding the when Flash 10 comes out, in early 2010, it will run on the Droid.
Is there anything I could do to help with this project Mr. Bedecarre?
Philadelphia mayor gives great speech to his community, advice that should be taken by all parents.
uh oh your game is scheduled at the same time as another; try again (code y5pu2)
SAY IT WITCHA CHEST!!!!!!
You were hit by a pitch
Now show me how to work this thing! And let's go to class! :)
Big break Atlantis!!! :) ⛳
No. I just, no. I never watched it when I was little, but I still don't think I would've fallen for it. Haha
Pacific Division dominance! No, seriously.
Yea that's fine!(:
and that degree from Duke! “: I suddenly regret having that data center built in North Carolina.”
Got stuff? I collect ___________ (Fill in the Blank).
Local anesthetic. Insensitive. See what I could've done there.
Have a future focus...
Ideally, couples need three lives; one for him, one for her and one for them together. Jacqueline Bisset
Congrats on the gig!
Love it when females see me walking up behind them and their man... Quick to grab his hand! LMAO girl, trust me... He ain't my type 😉
Plenty of shirts to fold if you're bored today. Shop is open for usual Thursday hours. 4-7pm. 1726 E North Ave. Side door.
Fucking thing SUCKS
Watching Awake with Viggle Thu | 10PM | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Music is my life. Cant live without it :3
Mum, does God use the bathroom? No, what a funny question! Then why did Dad say this morning, 'Oh, God, are you still in there? '
Is it just me or are and starting to say what has been saying this whole time?
Got a #googlewave invite... anybody want one? I can send out 8... reply with your email
Fun times at the dog park.....Henry humped at least three new friends.
Like, Im doing really great on Southern Charms, even though I've never updated! I guess I will this week though
While employed as the Astros GM, Ed Wade acquired 11 of the 25 players on the 2008 Phillies championship team.
Some people hate the "3rd" act of this movie but I kinda like it since this whole movie's about Stark being orphaned over & over.
#21JumpStreet funniest movie of the Year!
haha ok I'll check it.
are you coming with me this friday? :D #bestiesforlife♥
Ahh. Their playin in detroit but the tickets im buying are like 246 dollars but he's cutting it in half for meh, #ilikecats!
awesome and quick questions y did u get so many and how much was it for all of those?
It's Super Tuesday. If you don't think what happens today affects you personally, it's time to put your big boy/girl pants on.
Bucks might be out of the playoffs with that loss... come on guys the wizards?
YES. RT I'm looking forward to April 2014. MILWAUKEE YEAR!!!
Skipping 5th with Genesis!
Good things will happen if you have faith and believe with all your heart. It may take time but it will happen.
now suitably indoctrinated with PTA's National Standards for Family-School Partnerships - so similar to public library service strategies.
Have Qpons when you need them most- when you are nearby or looking for something. www.qponomics.com. FREE download to your smartphone!
At a party
Figuring out exactly what you want out of this is sometimes the hardest part of this pick up thing
I'm djing zucca bar in smyrna if anyone is around
Thanks for the follow, any events coming up in NYC or Long Island?
not to early for 7 year olds to start tweeting, with supervision and or a intra tweet app, kids are not relating to each other,
u rokkkkk brent...thanks big dawg for that s/o
What were the squads?
if i can get outta bed ill be there. Im slammed with work this week. Will try my best. Remind me the day before. Xo
Why hot sauce lol
did u grow up a star trek fan? enjoying the broadcast & thinking u have a 'esqe cadence
Hey Rahid! Any chance you're planning on being near O'Hare in the next hour or so?
wow, talk about perfect ♥.♥ im speechless.
-__- I dont like it when people make jokes about me. Its not funny.
whether you will be happy beliebers in Indonesia?
You should start a petition and make it happen, I'm behind ACME wun hunet!
Thank you!
breathe carolina for the rest of my life
Hi friend.
will i see tommorow?
it was nice meeting you today. Thanks again for your help in setting up the mtg with Secy Sebelius!
All is well very little-damage just posted photos on ?Facebook check them out. Daryl
my mom is not coming home today since the roads are closed. blehhhh stupid snow
i saw ya pic girl im tryna get rite too dat shyt hard im on a diet i posta stop drinking sodas ima see how far i get wit dat
phewww thank god
what are the other languages?
This week I'm giving myself the gift of 's Prize Winners during work breaks.I want to lick Goodbye Ruby to thank it for being.
Sorry to be missing all of the Walgreens action back in Chicago...
Straight Hip-Hop love songs with the finisher Mr. Cee on Hot 97
Was good meeting publicist, at the ETA theatre production of FLOW at Westinghouse high.
i straight cried reading the pic on the tagge 12s website
The moon right now  >>>
Sorry! We've been working on it all night and expect it to be back up very soon. We will behead the responsible party soon!
Been a tough 37 mins to watch
Music is all i need to keep me. No time for anything else. Just got okay with that, lol.
hey wats up how are you doing
If Stephen Hawking appeared in a game: Would he be a. Boss b. Playable Character c. Power up d. Summon a la FF ? choose wisely
So Chris Stewart is sort of a shithead, huh?
are these all the languages you speak?
No plans as yet to explore this universe further. But who knows what my subconscious'll do with it?
for the same reason i have a red velvet cupcake.
I'm actually upset that it's gone. One of my favorites.
I'm freezing :o
Then the #SFGiants should be reliant on you do pick the best player on every team they see this season
yeah :\ RT sad that it has to be this way :l
Congrats & ! 2011-12 was the 2nd consecutive season where BOTH M & W National Champs played
where yu been at? Tried to hit yu
Excited today for the wedding of my buddy and - wonderful couple.
jeremy thompson, clay matthews i, morgan burnett, jerel worthy, casey hayward, terrell manning.
Quiz night starts at 8PM, get here really and get a good spot for you and all your friends. 's imperial pints are $2 off!
Can't wait to make it home! I need my bed
And as a meal...
Somethin gives me the feeling Sarah Phillips wears underwear with dickholes in em.
my last day of classes is June 12th then I have to take regents -__-
3 Finalists Named in Dodgers Bidding
Dying to know how "Gimme That Hat" is accomplished. Twitpic me?
Have a great day. Keep studying hard. Romeos rock.
: Nice to meet you! I read historical bios, police procedurals, scifi and just a plain good read!
is fierce and I love her for standing up for herself, I grew up supporting her I'll continue to do so!
Was just typinbg about how I couldn't multi-task. Kids would feel that too.
I say stuff I regret often.
You are responsible for your own happiness!
This is getting rough!
Big shout to & for showcasing Dell's social media center@ Hilton 4th floor. Go visit
four shots at a major in a year. I'll take an entire season of excellence or 3. Both did that
Yep, but may have to go in and change a few things b/c of latest developments.
Are you going to be in Denver on 5/18?
really crap. Heard of any save SGU campaines?
But yeah we said we would last time and then i got a job and point is im broke and jobless now but can hang out! :D haha
I want to date a guy who's taller than me has brown or blonde hair , blue, hazel, or brown eyes, someone who's smart, protective & strong
got it
Can you country square dance for us? May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14 #1Dtourusa We love you! Love, Alexi and Tabi!
But the US doesn't have an official language to enforce...
Elvis week. Maybe that's why it's also "Admit You're Happy" day and "Happiness Happens" day. Not happy? then "think happy" . Starts inside.
Surprisingly says entrepreneur's pitch shouldn't be more than 50% about a "great product"
HAHAHAHA, no. just stop.
i got it
unveils yet-to-be released See Also project (dynamic reference resource)
“: started off my day w a double shot pumpkin spice latte & a kick in the ass from Who needs 5hr energy?” Damn straight.
Q: What should we do to teach students about negotiation and reconciliation?
ESPN had better have this feed issue worked out by the time UK and Vandy starts.
Using forecast -- go to gym on bet; follow through
you should grow some waves. Oooohhhhh you'd be so fly! You'd need to wear a veloure track suit
For that matter, the English 304 director who mandated the book didn't know about rental option til I showed him.
"Worst they can say is 'No'.....then you punch 'em in they got damn face"
im waiting on you
like on that pass? he's not a good passer on the run, for one thing. they wouldnt have to make amazing grabs if he e
why is it that you have to so busy minding my business? got nothing to do ah?.
even for wildcard cities?
Ugh, drama is my least favourite thing ever. Hang in there!
oh thanks
we love u justin ur the best. #BieberSwag4ever~Hailey and Kailey (p.s were ur biggest fans. we are 12)
Sounds good!
Sometimes I just really enjoy bad music.
Love the new song Hey Mister!
I'm off the next two days tho..
It's time to shut it down Kemba Walker!!!! Send the Bulldogs packin!!! GO #UCONN!!!!!
really hoping you guys come out with the win!
You got a rotten tooth, there i said it!!!!
Starting to plan a May trip to Japan (Tokyo, Kyoto & Osaka). Anyone got lodging suggestions?
Can you say Ironman? RT : PJ Berry THROWS a Touchdown pass to Randy Hymes! Power lead 34-24!!!
He has wings, he comes quickly and flies away the same
As the man ages, certain social and psychologic factors influence his sexual responsiveness.
Mariners Lead! Now get 3 outs for the win. I'll celebrate by sleeping all day.
Its about to get Linsane.
That awkward moment when your on vacation and find out u might move there...
lol you can take four months easy. Try like 8 months you poop face. Lol
Between. 6th and 7th street on walnut.
thanks, I understand you have a few other surprises for the API up your sleeve. Any hints?
Ok nevr put curlers in ur hair ashley (LOL)
Q: why do the Vikings wear purple? A: you'd be purple too if you were always choking.
Jakarta! Hah.. Am feeling so tired like a G6!.
euro bonds will outperform equities and will be deemed safer imo
: PD2.0 should not be quest 4 giant button for #SecState 2 push 2 make everyone think the same thing - not an
I am here in Philly so it's all good. :) we will make it happen.
How's your kaizen? (which is Japanese for “continuous improvement”)
Absolutely. The NFL needs a handout? RT It's time taxpayers stop funding stadiums for fabulously wealthy sports team owners.
awe... Thanks lonnie!!! Just seeing this tweet. Blackberry was sick this week
yep..sticking to blogger...though may copy the posts to wordpress too...:)
Tottenham fan praying for
guess who's on my bus lol
Thanks for the retweet!
Kentucky is hands down the better team here
LOOL I should! >:)
Hell yea
Gonna be up all night cleaning before my moms arrival, fuck
Even tho we always arguing and fighting (and I mean literally fighting) ima always have love for my brothers and sisters :-)
We just launched our new line of really cute, eco-friendly, made in the USA apparel for women at StonerCouture.com. See you there. Neil
Tonight is rocking WHO WILL B THERE?
.: "a new tide is coming into the harbor of health research right now, asking new Q about equity & equitable behavior..."
Thank you for coming to visit! Warren is so precious and I can't wait for her and Reese to have a play date!!!
#MUSICNEWS LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Simon Cowell and Fox television are gambling on pop icon Britney Spears and teen singer Demi Lovato to
We are all just prisoners here, of our own device
Rumormill: Sportier Range Rover Evoque ... - Auto Electric Parts
follow back?
Stella McCartney dropped by today. I've seen my fair share of famous faces but Stella McCartney takes the cake.
Emotional roller coaster
The way you look The way you laugh The way you love with all you have There ain't nothing 'bout you that don't do something for me 🎶💓
Hah! RT : The unemployment figures would actually be far worse if they included people who describe themselves as bloggers.
Organizing seems so tedious but the results! Oh the results are fantastico!!!!!!!! #Get organized!!
Damn bruh Im bout to get tickets to the #firstplaneoutthisbitch u need one
Logan's
RT My bestfriend passed away about a year ago. His name is IAN JENKINS his foundation must go on
good going and good luck!
I blame Nunez for all of our problems.
so many #BPL soccer games on, so hard to decide. Settled on Chelsea vs Blackburn Rovers.
can't believe people are still giving Demi hate. Didn't you see what you did to her last time?
*raises hand*
noo i live in US but i got VIP to his #BTRSUMMERTOUR !!!!!!
Hey walkie talkie Marcus tell him Jordan and Heather said Happy Birthday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
. Haha, we're not in NY anymore, Toto.
Stephanie's battling Dave at bagging. Nice reusable bags! Go Stephanie!
Apparently I'm supposed to assume every dog is a seeing eye dog.
haha good answers all around chi-town ladies. Let's all go to a Cubs game and see who can drink the most Old Styles.
(and thus proceeds the writing of Kzoo paper #2)
#HappyMothersDay to my number one fan and favorite lady in the world, Rose Cain! I wouldn't be who I am without you. I love you Mom!
the new testament invalidates a lot of the old. The old is more like history
yeah I was at east rock today. Would've been nice to see you.
Its annoying to read celebrity tweets at times. All they do is eat sushi
None should go to the all-star game, a week off would be good...get us rested for the last half of the season!!!
i tried to last game dude fouled da sht outta me!
Looks like all that fresh air yesterday did me in. Sick as a. . . really sick person.
WHAT?! omg...how did i get here... RT : Hanging out with
Almost Lunch time (:
My suite is splitting up, my academic advisor is moving away, I'm not going home for the summer... I can't handle all this
I will be looking at flights today for a trip to see you guys in Cleveland soon!
g fuck them boots if you can get a car just get that shit and wait for it
trend it guys!
At All- State Chorus!! Couldn't be more pumped!
Damn brewers errors costing them big-time tonight.....
I haven't posted a #ff in a while, but these folks are so supportive Definitely worth following!
LOVE that Verizon commercial with people imitating Clay Matthews's beast mode
this is a time when I would rather see Rex Walters shooting a basketball than Iggy
OMG, yes. I could intern there forever. The real world sucks.
SOLD OUT!! Thanks Wacker & Monroe!!
oh, hahahaha, I was like wtf!? My coworker suggested I get an aquarium for my new place, I was like "Um, no?"
you can have mine. :)
as long as the opinion is humble, Karen, as long as it's humble ;) - no, I'm just a baseball purist, I guess...
Nights like this I wish I was 21 again! Sorry if I'm late tomorrow!
i've been following Sam !!! can u follow me??(:
We <3 our new email design and find your product very easy to use! #email marketing
I live my life based on 2 principles. One, I live as if today was my last day on earth. Two, I live today as if I am going to live forever.
Teacher Appreciation Week begins today! Take a minute to write a note, send an email or thank a #teacher for all they do for our students.
Why are they called The Lakers, anyway??
Big Renovation Tip. If you're planning a huge renovation - rent a dumpster. It saves time, money and hassle. They deliver & pick up!
Ready for this day to b over with
Working on that
Today I found out who my real people are.
In exchange for a bat.
“: look for Suppan to go 6 inn give up 3 hits maybe 1 run and get the win” - if all that happens, I'll bike from MKE to Madison.
Big rivalry football night in Carlsbad. La Costa Canyon HS (my kids' alma mater) vs Torrey Pines. Go LCC!
Hermia never wears a thong. "It's like having a tampon in your asshole, don't you think?" She's been drinking a lot.
it is so funny being rude to you.
Someone should have told your mom that.
boring twitter day
28 of 60 narratives done. hit my quota for the evening. now I get to sleep. ah.
Tks Local First!
We love the Maine!! just played with them in November! (:
the job is goin good, im diggin it! I just can't wait for school to start back up
Great minds never die; they tweet and they eat Apple!
Somehow pulled a chest muscle so going to rest and play online poker until I heal up.
That time we crashed an upstairs party at the steer????
So many new followers. Xo! Vendor invites going out: News to follow of who is reserving spots at our first event July 29 at the New Hazlett!
And at the conclusion of the first, the #Marlies lead 1-0.
Didn't think 2nd round games could be so boring...
Teacher: put ur head on ur desks!! Kid: my mommy told me not to put my head on desks..
Twitter is lame. It's so hard to use. But I do like to tweetins.
But you had good news tonight too ;)
right im sawdy I can only call out and text out but cant receive
Thanks, Diandra. ABC, Baby Me looks adorable, and I don't have it yet! :)
Stuart: "congress must unite and provide... comprehensive immigration reform that represents this nation"
We do not need a tacked down thesis for the proposal correct?
Getting ready to run the #superhero race. I hope I don't put an eye out with my Wolverine claws!
this paper can suck it. I'd much rather be jammin to trey songz
work on your being nice skills!
Join us Feb. 7th , 5pm to close. Sales benefit Sunshine Division. play @ 7pm, $5 cover
Oh hey weekend! :)
Why is there an eject button on the DVD remote? I still have to get up and take the disc out. It's like having a remote to open the fridge.
Gram still in surgery, going on hour 3...#waiting&waiting
as long as they get the message I think it works out the same :D
And that Miami run looked like the black team running away from us.
you are a wild, disgusting animal. We love you.
RT True to our water signs we #Pisces tend to go with the flow & figure things out once we get wherever the waves take us.
Don't forget to follow to get the latest updates about our upcoming Annual Conference in June!
sadly, no one to blame but all of us.
Follow the Milwaukee Youth Council at and tweet us at
state control.
rock on. The next question of course is: are you making it cuter or more violent! ^_^;
Augustine defeats Gonzalez by referee stoppage at 1:01 of the 1st round. (standing guillotine)
no I did not! When was that? Gosh!
#3WordsOfAdvice perm that kitchen
dude wth when did tickets even come out?
I just went one round. Grenade selection a bit quirky but it's solid. Let's crew up you mooks!
Log on to Facebook and join, "The $1 Million Facebook Experiment." Looking for 1 million people to donate $1 each to charity each month.
On set of about to shoot more episodes!
looks yummy!
Just met
I despair at how bad new website is. I have to reset my pin every time I log in for some reason and the UI is awful. Fix it!
I think unless you're in LA nobody cares. I've hated the Lakers since the early '80s.
Alternately, email "info @ makrs.com"(no spaces) from the email you registered with and we'll activate your account straight away!
The very same, and she's very lovely, terrifying but lovely :-)
IM STARVING
This is actually more comfortable now . . . #whyamigeekingoutaboutmycarrel?
Sorry Mate Torres
Author of Washington Monthly article "A Time Against Race" - Justin Vogt on WBOK, 1230 AM
It may feel like my world is falling apart but I know this is just bump in the road. I can get through this and I know I'm not alone :)
"Reasonable"? Check the GREAT Dean Dass show at Second Street Gallery.
/cont And once verified LISTENing, then troubleshoot the connection from ws connector to the port
Hahaha, i love your family(:
what's your fav thing about San Fran?
please follow me😍
Juss got My Hair Finally Done ... Driving through this side of town brings back so many memories
Pete, not specifically about Valverde, but we have reached out to Mr. Turner in the past.
on my way now. Wish you were coming!
not too worried about it
Nah, it's just there's been trouble crop up with our house buying/selling. I try to keep a high ground w/ my public complaining.
yes it is. Documentary or fiction
Time to move on asshole!
Love is a state of mind which has nothing to do with the mind.
All my pants are shrinking in the dryer. It's the only explanation.
So, my prom was right after "Titanic" came out. Add in some K-Ci & JoJo "In All My Life"...oh, magical.
we're working on that. We have all the recordings.
they gone get sick of me lol but oh well!! add & Bobby V's new artist
The flu bug has officially gone from to to to... me
So can I... just dont give me my coffee lol ;)
If I wasn't brewing this afternoon I would bring my bike out for a ride. Unless I get my ass in gear and get out by you earlier
U gotta b kidding me- if u smack somebody they r gonna talk ish about u!!
RT If all God wanted to do was get to the happy ending, you'd be in heaven by now. The process is the point!
Kim Zolciak throws the best side eyes.
When I look in your eyes, baby here's what I see. I see so much confusion and it's killing me. Well I can't take it anymore... Shoo-bee-doo
Community Service for Food Stamps?
#SMILEcon is under way. Kara from presenting on Minnesota State Patrol use of
you're kinda weird.....
I get so high I touch the sky till I can't even function.
ugh i know i feel so special too!!
I think I eat and drive more than I text and drive
east side
Anyone else going to see Brian Turner tonight at #SAL? Come say hi to a few of at the #PNW table :)
Latest Bayou show is up on the #JLB podcast :)
Fox compares comments about Ann Romney to college girl being called a "slut" & "prostitute" -- NOT FAIR! (Prostitutes work for a living.)
RT : #WFFConf12 I'm counting down the days to another exciting WFF leadership conference!
#3WordsForYou I hate you
Always been a fan but since i heard talk about you on show i think ive had like a teenage crush
isnt that called p-bagging?
Facilitated discussion on "What's the role of technology in relation to curriculum?" with
Omg :D How do you know :o
I sneak out for coffee refills during commercial breaks
Getting caught in those, "it`s not what it looks like" moments. -_-
OMM! My aunt and brother is in Lexington right now :D I'm in Harlan :/
See what happens the next time you don't reply to a text message!!!!
so you need a new hair color
It's Tuesday April 25, 2012... Do you know where your Chief Gobzavangelist is???? About to change the way the economy works!!!
Excellent. I'll start working on a few things. MISS YOU.
Look at the art first?! What a crazy idea!
You're right, good call. I'm a big fan of sweets after sex though. So some fresh baked cookies, brownies, and cupcakes will do.
Then I remembered to stop caring ! That's why I say nothing, sooner or later you will learn you're lesson 👎
i wanteed 2 go 2 c u in south beach but i was @ skool :(
Now if EVERYONE will get out of the bedroom, Drs office & church, we might be able to have a meaningful election...
First time riding a motorcycle, first motorcycle fall. And attended first Sikh wedding, happy fourth of July!
Listening to talk at
I haven't sent a tweet in so long I thought I might have forgotten how to say anything in 140 characters or less!
momma there go that monsta
Awww, thanks for the smarty pants shout out, and I'm glad (and not surprised) you didn't click that bad link.
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers in the world...Enjoy your day & have fun
OMG I get 's tweets sent to my phone for the very same reason. :P
I hate la.
Wishing all the mother's and female teachers a Warm, Wonderfully fun day!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This site is about Zen Buddhism, wholly distinct from Theravada Buddhism.
I really hate the safety dance. But I can get on my phone:)
Being married really takes #PATIENCE ... Had to stress that, Patience!
/ so happy to hear that your little boy is better!all our prayers are sent your way God Bless
How are you liking UF?
I feel tricked
Help this Miami girl out and get her to 300 followers !! It would mean alot <3
lol thank you!
You men better stop slutting around in the street with these ho's. Wear a damn condom..I will be wearing condoms too.
I been smoking for 6 years. It doesn't really get deep, but it changes. People tell my my voice is sexy, so I aint trippin.
Where are the semantic police when Wingnuts cry about their imagined #waronchristmas ?
Ay stop tweet watchin....so i know its real...lol
lucky for the people who find them, Ron English will sign the boxes.
I think yes
Yoga is the practice of quieting the mind. ~Patanjali
happy late birthday :)
I've already visited my doctor. It's getting better ;) yeeey!
Onetime lobbying powerhouse ponders its future – Politico ...
Opened and cleaned 70 cans of baby food my thumb hurts :(
yeah. ill give you a shoutie.
The first day of Spring feels like the first day of summer! See Patrick Hammer's forecast
its been a long time coming but i knew that it would come
your welcome young lady!
Class starts in a couple minutes! Live audio today! :)
business what you do. But when little girls try to emulate the perfect image that you put out there dont be mad when the parents get mad
... "I'm not DRUNK. I have bad KNEES." Ma'am. You've just fallen face first into linoleum flooring...and I'm stealing your justifications.
hes all the way in Germany so he's got it coming lol
What's your fav flavor?! RT “: Love my #mix1 drink after a run #totesamaze :-)”
Liberals aren't socialists. They're liberals.
Our 2012 Oscar snack is "Tinker Tailor Soldier Fries." They're loaded...with suspense!
Seriously mom make up your mind.
Evidently "Drop Dead Fred" has stolen my diet coke...according to Sophie!
haha I always hated if I missed some kind of tweet milestone! I jus hit #9000 last night
Awful weather after Open ears last night. Long drive home, causeway was closed. Went through NO east and Slidell. Almost hit an alligator.
Congrats Lisa Lopez, the first to correctly guess The Last Waltz, All Night Long, Mildred Pierce and Rocky Horror Picture Show.
session soon!!!
what song? lol I saw him last week at GradBash
A year and a half ago i would never think this day would come. never thought that one direction would come to albany. the only way (c)
As would say, "or you want to form an anti-pussy zone around your body."
- Lebron James hairline is still back in daylight savings time!
Do you take Boniva? We have vouchers for 1 FREE Month of Boniva!
Girl: Um, Ms. Chatman, I'm kinda sick. I threw up at 5 this morning. Me: Why are you at school? Girl: My momma wanted me outta the house.
Actually, scratch that. The 7.3% increase by was international. In US, the number was 8.9%.Not bad at all.
Bush getting in Ryan's head. #FearTheBushBlitz RT : Jarrett Bush just crushed Ryan, doesn't matter on the 21 yard completion.
Cuz in the end girl u gona wnt another round....
:) Keep pushin' you are almost done!!!! :)
thanks for the very last one (corn)
like the new avi!
Rooting for IU tonight - respect for my friend
RT : May 12. Calling all choral singers. Singalong of Haydn Nelson Mass church,N Yorks. Retweet please.More singers?
hey its fine
At a chinese buffet... so many samoans... poor asian workers can't make enough food to keep up lol
Thanks Paul!!
I know this is a long shot, but we can do it if we try. Let this new understanding begin with me. I love and care for you!
Your sound has a dope Papa Roach feel to it.
Michael Jackson's death is like his life, unbelievable! It's stunning that this is how his life story ended after all these years.
This has been a difference that was in place long before 2012 DC The snark factor existed long before Fed as bad teammate meme
I just sat and read so many tweets from and they're great.
i think that the most coolest peoples in the wrold is , , , so follow them please :)
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
Back home safe from week-long conference in Cincinnati. Did not convert me to a Reds fan, go Brewers!
I only want, what I'll never have.
I think people should talk more about the moon. Its so interesting.
A lesson in "don't waste the pretty" today! Appreciate your beauty - no matter what anyone else tries to tell you! Or I'll kick their ass.
Working on my album. Summer project should be done by September.
You're too kind! I hope the study inspires fishing managers to rethink their guidelines.
Merry Christmas to my wife
One of life's most thought provoking questions. RT : Would you swallow your dogs throw up to save your best friend from dieing?
Picks for the National Championship matchup? Mine: Butler vs. Kentucky Kentucky takes it all.
other fans around the world besides the UK. thank you.
Treadmill & Gossip Girl.
oh no! Fritz!
RT : COMING SOON! – Major changes to DataInherit including new look, new name and much more. Watch this space for more updates.
Hey, , your RSS feed link has a code error when I try to subscribe in #Chrome. It worked in #Firefox, but wanted to let you know.
This is why I'm single. Niggas & bitches have their priorities fucked up smh
People and things change with time, but memories remain the same.
we just had lunch...? But I really am hungry too though.
According to Wikipedia: Encyclopædia Britannica was founded in "Your Mother" by a bunch of "ugly Wankers"
Please sleep. Please sleep. Please sleep. Wait, the clowns will eat me.
I'm an idiot i only uploaded half of the show, ill send you the new link in a few
Did you know Apple Rock has the ability to design, build, & manage worldwide with 3 offices in NC & an office/warehouse in Las Vegas
yes! I miss you guys too. You'll have to come up soon(:
Need someone to braid my hair asap you live in this madusonville area hmu!!!!
We won the People's Pick so yes I guess you could say that!
Watching the rays play the yankees and eating a del friscos bacon cheese burger. Sorry in and out....
Twas a pleasure sharing a ThreeTweet. A shame you couldn't type fast enough to rep Gaf again.
At least is not an SOS!
imma send a kidnapper in the mail and have him bring you to me... *le evil plan*
Knock Knock
yes so me the pic & I wil size it 4 U
getting #AirJodans ! So happy :)
What a weekend, successfull Greg Jennings Golf Outing and ReStore sale! Thanks for the support
There's nothing a couple margaritas cant fix
I think compared to NFL where it seems half the league has been arrested and NBA where guns are the norm, MLB is pretty docile
S/o to for waking me up this morn extra early
tequila and cookies. can't wait for med school to start.
Take a moment out of your busy day to "REMEMBER ALL on 9-11". Those who lost lives, HEROES who saved lives, & the families that suffer....
who will it be 2nite? : YOU tweeted it and it's official the #MVPonNBC for #NYRWSH game is #NYR Brad Richards
I clicked on the trending topic the wood and your tweet was the first to pop up :-)
What to do tonight????
hell would freeze ova b4 I let one of u bitkh niggaz get her oh no no no!!!
While I've showed several computer classes what Twitter is and how it works, today is the first time I'm doing an *entire* class on it. Eep!
Yamaha win today! Also set fast lap in the Clone endurance race
Closing early today see you all next week
Ah. The projected self-loathing of the police in the morning...
Some parents are way too stubborn. One of my sister's students was sick all last week, but the parent's still took her to school…
and i never will
I took like 15 shots that night or some what close lol
Rookie "you know what we get to do today-- we get to play baseball". Enjoy your job, everyone will benefit.
Alex Air Mail
I don't even think there r words to describe his perfection!
Liquid Web fried my managed web server - 3 dead drives in a Raid 5. Odds of that save gross negligence = .00000001. Thanks A lot Liquid Web!
if a person doesn't like you for you then they can find somebody else
Totally is inspired by the small things in life!!! simple joy and pleasure.
RT : "Wait! If they crucify Cee Lo Green, that's awesome." --
Gonna eat my feelings away...
yes is looking for a brunch choice for her graduation in May! Thanks for your help!
After recording we worked on a Vince Guaraldi remix for the Christmas show as well as another brand new song featuring samples from Debussy
YES! We'll figure it out! Listening to my grooveshark sweetlife playlist as we speak :)
RT ": Finally got a cab to go to in long branch. Cab driver says to get me again ask for "the punisher"."
i still cant get on my personal account. every time i try to log in, it gives me the whale. for 2 weeks now.
President Paul!!!!
Can't you ever stop being an attention whore? ..or is it just in your disgusting nature?
Let's face it, joepa died a long time ago. It took a mean case of the hiccups to finish the job. RIP
RT : An instructivist approach to learning involves teaching strategies which include feedback, reinforcement, review & practice.
Ladies when y dealing w yself and u want to pic a mate go w the things y can overlook and watch whats infront of u
What does that even mean? RT Issue is bigger than Katz.
Can't get this sign out of my head: "We have growlers of kombucha"
my nails are kooooot.
so i heard my ex is with a really fat chick now ... i kinda find it funny lol
#NextStupidRealityShow You can sing (or something stupid with MORE singing)
Rushing to change before Robb and Harold get here, lol
shut upp, im wearing it
Vampire Weekend - Taxi Cab - 09:23 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.-Coach Darrel Royal
Mowing?! Um.. me mowing? You're making me laugh.
Thanks for the Tweet-Out, John - what are YOU doing up so late???
that was obviously my house, because I have a picture of Louis and Angelica in my home.
Need a question answered quickly? Post it to
messing around with Sitegrinder 3 demo. seeing how clean this code is..
In #nycschools, attend drops in May and June: 5% in elementary, 7% in middle, 10% in high school.
Which do you like better?: A. Swag B. Swagge C. Swaggie D. Non of the above
Pussy is blinding ...
Send me a list of datafeed you would like to be citable!!!
too bad he is a douche
there's no way to know that itll fix things but broodlords from mutas like in bw... count buildings needed for collosi vs broods
ha I know. Wish I went :/ I'll hear about all of it tomorrow I'm sure :)
there are some "nice" parts in it too.. Like when they go shopping in the supermarket with no one there
Just lie to my ears tell me you feel the same thts all I've been dying to hear
There's a epidemic at journeys niggas fallin ill with that colonial fever that shit running rampant ain't no one safe lmao
headed 2 gwinnett arena 2 direct playoff game! cmon atlanta support your hometown hockey team puck drop 7:05pm
Never trust a big butt and a smile.
“:Who is this random person sitting in my seat...she's not even in the class! #shedoesntevengohere”haha me&Gilbert r cracking up
RT- Listen, we had to trade Gio and Cahill to pay for FanFest! What do you people want?! #Athletics - Ahh so that explins it
I briefly forgot there was already a word for anagrams. And before I remembered, I coined them a new word; switcheroonyms.
I'm about to lock myself in this creative dungeon...but not until I get some snacks!
I'm making zee most delicioso latte, weech will be vunderbar with BACON and cinnamon muffin (mixed up faux accents).
How's everyone in this Milwaukee heat?
Stop gushing already, you're getting my shoes wet...
Watching my dvr of shabazz muhammad and nerlens noel decision . . Bazz acted odd. Guess he was super nervous
Couldn't have said it better Most prob dont care, but I'm sure many can tell u about the latest Kardashian episode
Thought starter: Wouldn't a wood fire pizza hit the spot tonight? Swing by and grab dinner...or order take out 730-5030. Discuss...
congrats! That looks glorious. Only a sliced strawberry in the flute would make that better!
I'm burning myself out... But I know if I push through this, I will find power within.
I got pizza
I was in Costa Rica last month it was pretty awesome!
I love my mommy:)thanks mom for ever thing u do!! []RT
and you'd swoop down low only to gain more air
don't we all
no way just give em a call today! It's easy
Enjoying a treat from always brightens my day.
people throw rocks at things that shine
Loves her new iPhone 4s!!! :)
I KNOW THAT IF I GIVE UP THERES NO CHANCE OF FOLLOWING ME BUT IF I DONT HE STILL WONT FOLLOW WHATS IT TAKE 4 HIM 2FOLLOW A GUY
-Lunch?! What's that!! Enjoy doll! XOX
I am! I have some experience with Val and her work, & I can say that she is graceful and perceptive. I hope you will do it.
The Pacers will win Game 1.
S/O to my new follower #TeamFollowBack!
Damn Bettimet would have scored...
So happy to be curled up in bed with the fireplace on with !
Happy Mother's day to every mom out there! You deserve all the love! :).
#tomorrowisapril already! 2nd quarter of 2012 is going to be awesome!
RT : My old dime for a new broad, that's an ex-change.
Felicity Malbec from on the way! Cheers
I live in the Batcave...that is to say, a combo of heavy rain & bad gutters makes a waterfall at my front door - FINE nature, I'll stay home
#Marlins have won 7 straight. I love baseball.
so is John Mayer gay?
new Deejay splash remixes comin soon - stay tuned to find out where to find 'em
takes on snowboarding in today's Tims Travels and he's a rookie - so make sure to tune in to
So much fun having the talented Jaden Carlson in for an interview and performance on the show today. GO GO KRFC!
“: For myself I mean..” ~ Just remember your own wild magnificence, Tabbi. It exudes from you, an unconquerable force!
DYK - A bag of Fritos has less salt than a slice of white bread?
As we proceed to give you what you need Get live mother fuckers
Look on Yelp under Protect Painters Central Austin. You'll see that we're the best! It cost more to fix a mistake then hire quality to start
Watching classic reruns of "Saved By The Bell"... Favorite show growing up - thanks for the memories!
> people that don't know how to use roundabouts
Wow, the author is so angry.
Ok, it's official: is the most honest, sweeping portrayal of humanity in the history of any medium.
Exactly. Offer them a few G's over minimum and Josh Butler. RT : Trade for him.
hey honey!! Glad ur feeling well!
Thanks, Dan! How've you been??
No... I'm not but someone else is...
I had it too...
So..... #Somf should txt me
The diffrence is we have a choice to not be bought! Anyone voting for #MITT is condemning the USA
C days are my favorite. But yeah, C days are comfy days. Thats what the C stands for.
McIlroy hits a 3-wood 360. Does this mean he hits his drive 400 yards?
Justin Bieber just looks like the type of guy that fingers himself from time to time.
u r beautiful thanks 4 follow much love
From A to Z all that really matters is U and I.
Painting ... :D
134 bus driver singing and calling him self the OBJ. Original. Bus. Jockey. Giving bulls updates from last night n the weather. Love it.
Hmm... A degree in software engineering could certainly produce programmers. Question is would it produce good thinkers?
going to have a #wildrumpus at storytime today
I'm gonna do whatever I decide I want to do. Point. Blank. Period.
What a fantastic opportunity! Professionalization and networking events are so important.
Hey, Walker, that'd be great! I'd really like to see you. Give me an email when it's closer to the time you'll be here.
you'll make friends- bring it on!
Arrrgh!!!! Come on Tar Heels.... You are tripping!!! Shyt!!!!
Avoid hangovers: stay drunk.
yeah... I agree. But people are always talking about hows he's the nicest guy in baseball
for Crying Out Loud, #newsweek and #tinabrown: consider th consequences of your so-high school/tryG-to-be-different decisions. Be responsibl
Lind: the American South was the Saudi regime of the 19th century (reactionary, resource-extracting, export-oriented monoculture).
Can I just be home already? I want my summer to start!!!!!!! and I really just want a hug from a certain someone. #HurryUpSummer!
Now it's time for
Doing okay. Gotta headache.
LMFAO no, i'm a virgin. My throat just hurts for some reason :/
Happy to see the rain come, but happy to see it go in time for Transform a Street starting this Friday on Richmond between Pownal and Queen.
This job description is morphing into the nanny request letter from Mary Poppins. "Rosy cheeks, no warts! Play games, all sorts!"
&& I'm so heeled up right now I can't even talk to you.!
So loud :(
yep going to be a big year for Sly
Now double your money and make it stack
well who doesn't like their home teams? thats just dumb!
I vote (Cap Hill), (Beacon Hill) and (Ballard - too far?). Where else?
Checking into new cell phones. Droid? Not sure I need more reasons to have the phone stick to my hand.
NBA Playoffs are underway, Lakers and Spurs look strong from the start. Bynum & Kobe had some record setting performances yesterday!
Good morning y'all! Make today a great one
So I'm still in Iowa.....
you so totally won that slammy bro and yea tonight was totally #SSSIIICCCKKK broski but in a good way ! Woo Woo Woo !
Thanks a lot! You got it!
Ok finishing up website today. Adding the last bit of content and we should be ready to launch by Wednesday.
what's poppin with the negotiations?? Time to win!
Then she's a lucky one. Most people I know who've tried it are getting very little out of it.
haha yes. They're adorable. ♥
This flu going around is really starting to harsh my mellow. Instead of drinking wine w/ I'll be on my couch watching Firefly
#HappyFirstDayOfSpring Get out there and enjoy the fabulous weather - After work of course ;]
Than you for following us.
I hate cleaning my room, but I love relaxing knowing how clean it is afterward.
Approval plan tackled. Snack time and catching up on
I agree RT : Kandi is rocking that giant weave ponytail for the reunion and looks FIERCE!!!!!
What ? Three judges got ousted for legalizing gay marriage ? Thats Horrible ! They sound like Heros
It's called the unfair wrath of David Stern so blatant!
Good morning San Diego and happy Friday! And for all our #StarWars fans out there, May the Fourth be with you!
Finally! All done with the interior painting! Now the outside which is really going to be a pain
We love families who run on Dunkin'. RT : My uncle's buying me #coffee this mornin! #FTW (@ Dunkin' Donuts)
What's the word coming out from a tournament near you?
#FF Following all great people,art,food, stylist " " @ Monicasacayalla great products
We are going to #MagicKingdom and #AnimalKingdom today. We'll have some new #videos to share with fellow #Disney enthusiasts.
Stay safe #studyabroad friends affected by #irene. Thinking of you all!
Monolingualism is a serious problem but here at SPI we can cure that.
If my dad catches me on the phone so late, he'll kick both of our little tushies lol
is rockin it out this morning! Way to pull out all the stops with some awesome summer jams, woot!
Damn. I owe the internet $10.
#orioles might as well get Gregg warmed up - game is lost anyway so who cares how many runs he gives up?
me too! Last one :)
MOTHER'S DAY IS A RELIEF FOR EVERY NIGGA THAT DID NOT GET THAT GIRL PREGNANT
Please please win! Meow! Meow! Meow!
Thanks for following friends
DJ ON THE TRACK!!!
Thanks for RTing one of 's nuggets from our event last night
Great possession. Nice rebound Johnson. Nice pace.
don't judge me
Nah, this is clearly the place to be!
S/O to this kid in my class who turns his mac around after every slide to take a picture of the lecture. At least mute the thing.
The #Celtics are just awful without Garnett on the court.
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBODY ELSE ~
u be you...follow ur heart and what is righteous....the rest dont mean shit. Do the little things and you'll be great.
Extended takeaway fr Emma Anderson talk on "North American martyrs" was importance of relics for beatificaiton. So if you don't have many u
Getting ready for our homecoming show at Kelly's Olympian tonight!
Coffee would be perfect! Thanks!
13 more days till its your birthday!!!
Wanna know how tired that work out got me? I'm too lazy to get up to eat. Dang
check out my boys at , theyre doing great things for the DR just like is doing for Romania
wow, quite the jetsetter. have a great flight!
What comes easy, won’t always last. And what will last, won’t always come easy.
I feel so out of the loop
The problem with making 's really good granola is that you have to make it so frequently. Because you eat nothing but it.
*Random fact* I DO NOT have a twitter....I know it's quite sad. But I'm not aloud to have one. ~Ashley
880mg of naproxen sodium. I hope it kicks in sooner rather than later. Thought I'd never say this, but I actually miss running.
My overactive sweat glands take offense to that. However, yes, yes it did. :)
Very bizarre, I never lose my keys!
why can't i send you a direct message?
Who just knocked on my door and ran away?
I just took the power pledge!!! It's so amazing how you guys want to stop bullying ✌,❤,💑
The pessimist complains about the wind, the optimist expects it to change, and the realist adjusts the sails.
The Diminishing Digital Divide
Fuck do I hate the Canucks... Your so fucking useless this time of year. Win some fucking games why don't you!
Lunch Dessert - CRÈME BRULEE seasonal berries
yes, i like the button... neat pic
New York is wonderful. Love the energy of the place. Let me know if you manage to make it over to the Atlantic.
Looks like you're having a great time!
Surprisingly there is a slight line at Target this AM for Jason Wu collection
It's a nice day outside... if you're not wearing black on black... and jogging 2 miles... Im pooped.
Wtf is a weekend warrior
:) RT : I feel that the greatest reward for doing is the opportunity to do more.
This unknown # calls me to tell me that I ordered 25 boxes of pizza .... HAHAHA u stupid ! ... I just got prank called -__-
if u were able to #stopbullying it would mean the world to help people like me stop being bullied x thank you for helping x
Well earlier then I usually get up 4 school
Danggit Groupon, I don't really need a monogrammed set of towels but I really do
Conceptualizing a Contra Alliance graphic novel containing a prologue structured like Valiant's RAI
great meeting you at #bigboldbenefit you're gonna kill it
agree. #WorstFeeling no matter what level you play - losing Sucks! Should make you work even harder though.
Okay, I believe your the fucking mother of the year just as much as your son is believing your act.
i would too but my family would flip out lmao
You rock, Amy! Stand strong!
Omg done with high school in 9 minutes!!!!
how sweet of you! Thank you so much :) let's get this day started! Hope yours is great too!
Mistake to schedule a meeting at on the first night of Seattle Beer Week? TBD...
Munchkin Minders is looking for some love - please like us on Facebook! XO, The Minders
prior was on Badger St that is. Over by St Mary hospital
New clubs added to Scottsdale & PHX inventory today.R11,RAZRhawk and diablo octane drivers. RAZRX tour irons.
someone do my taxes! there is no reward. just my company- more like me staring at you as you enter numbers. Sound like fun? hit me up! :)
no doubt
#ItsCrazyHow I haven't been home in like a week... hahahaah.
Lee Enterprises reports results for second fiscal quarter
These khakis are seriously so horrible, I hate wearing pants LOL
Is Matt Millen secretly working as a consultant for #Lions ? Gotta ask since they took a WR in 2nd round to add to their NFC-best squad.
RT : Help female victims of human trafficking get back on their feet with the Nomi Network Global Project...
if it is us you are talking about we are at 1901 Fort Place SE, Wash DC, 20020
I'll try to!
You should have a poll for people to vote their favorite :D
The article listed below has some interesting insights about the national real estate market.
trying it right now. "ask someone for their favourite building" bartender...? Busy being antisocial reading a novel in public.
We believe there are a set of steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
Count de Grisley 1799 --- 1st magician to perform the trick of sawing a woman in half
you're just jealous
might go to sleep early !!
ELLEN - Congratulations, The Kennedy Center announced that she will be awarded the Mark Twain Prize in DC later this year
no!!! We love you! Congratulations and thank you for the wonderful report on , you brought many people to us.
New phone
Alex is currently sorting through books donated by our friends and supporters- and there are A LOT, but we will always accept more!
Agreed. And some internet marketing apps just don't work w/OSX. And most of the IM apps need 24/7 maintenance.
I would NEVER want a relationship like Sam & Ron's... But I would LOVE a Friendship like Jenni & Snooki's.... !
#diddyandbieber #diddyandbieber-- and would do amazing&i would buy the song!! :)
What shall we cover in Atlanta on 1/04?
Just spent time with the IU family...now for more quality time!
It's 2 cute Tuesday at Smashin Lashes Couture Eye Studio bring a friend & both receive a discount on ur services
Hey twitter, hit me with some good sources to follow for the French election.
I think I'm ready to French kiss ☺☺
I'll do it when I get home. We have to win.
my mama is so lame man! lmfao
Its FRIDAY..what's going on?
I'm only hooking this up if you save me some of last night's caviar. Quid pro quo
Women with an attitude
I have to live in the lamest neighborhood in america :( ......Countdown, 26 more days
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time
Baseball: Canby takes a 1-0 lead after Brady Thompson's RBI single to score Mike Caruso after 1st inning over Oregon City.
... DC misses you! Where are you these days? Are you headed back to the East Coast anytime soon?
Are ratings agencies using global debt crises to boost their reps? Roger Kirby of Kirby McInerney to discuss live on Bloomberg in 5 mins
In my life & family EVERYDAY is #National Hug Day! <3
Wait, isn't here?! WHO IS TAKING PICTURES??!?!?!
Damn Biebs, you just had to do that shirtless photo shoot. Oh Lord help my ovaries.
Thats cool! I think I know that chick behind your mom, lol!
#MetroAdventures begin, arrive on platform to find train experiencing "door malfunction" b/c chick jumped on & her purse got caught
lol at least u tried..if I hear briley airport wreck or donelson n tha same sentence I gotta check Mama Bird..my neck of the woods
Ff to the highly talented birthday boy
Heading to SD!!
I THINK IAM GONNA CRY I LOVE IT SO MUCH
If you mention "twitter" in comments of your $25 or more order we will include a FREE SIX PIECE brush set! Remember always free shipping
tweets on point
We sent out the freebie code for the participants in our FB feedback Friday. If you haven't received the code, email
Old country buffet in brookfield is closed. Saddest day of my life. Oh the high school football memories
talkcounts hosts teen dating forum on healthy relationships Saturday at 10:00
Dear #Ohio Media, for the next year when Brady Hoke says 'Ohio', please respond with "you mean the school that beat your basketball team?"
i was in the post poop
I love the rain!
salads better
go Lorin!! Go hard son ;o)
haha oh yes..some old dude has been giving me the stink eye ..guess I'm not in the karaoke loop
Finally got to the middle of the week! Unfortunately last part of the week is going to be harder to get through then the first part.
hey how are you...i am a songwriter ...would like to send you a record of my work ...thanks in advance
"Love More, Worry Less. "
Does selling e-books for .99/download devalue the work of writers?
at what point does #snomaggedon stop being cute and start to really annoy/scare people. 4-8 inches on the way.
yes 6-12 at secret. =] why
NY workshop is sold out! Thanks guys, see you tomorrow!
The same naked girl wearing only a thong bikini keeps following me despite my efforts in spam reporting. Getting tired of the deja vu!
Now taking donations for the "broke ass college student going to Buenos Aires and needs to buy her plane ticket" fund.
S/O to my new follower follow him!
Watched both babies all day so my mom can catch up on her rest & she said that her & her gf are going out now. Umm wtf!? Noo.
Made first decision today on wedding to do list.... Colors =check
Final home football practice is to long :p
Goodnight twitter.!
I LOOK forward to learning lots of great things from your website!
Just got an email from The Figgs. New double album being mastered. 2012 tour being planned!
Sadness. Not a good night for a diehard #Duke fan.
I'm like the guy version of Cat :)
Don't miss out on Waterfi's Big Birthday Sale tomorrow only! Want to know a sale secret? We're starting the sale early today at 5pm PST!
Is there slash fiction of Mr. Incredible and Mirage? I think that needs to be a thing.
Oh thats okay. Sorry I changed my user I was getting bullied about it.
you need to step your game up!
watched them all. I even liked 3.
me too!!! oh my gosh right when you find out where to buy them...let me know!!! lol i'm super HYPED! hfoewnfdiehwa;ofjewkfh
Doing research for a program designed to help traders improve their trading results. A couple more months and it will be ready for testing.
Gorgeous day for lunch out on the patio Thanks!
What was the first art event you attended in LA County?
this hologram of 2pac #genious man... now can we get an
No! Good God, no. She was with me nearly three years ago. Then she left and married this guy shortly afterward.
What's up
28 school days til graduation and about 54 days til i move back to California.
Does working out count if you're using Mountain Dew as a thirst quencher?
Oh man day 2 was incredible. I can hardly wait for tomorrow! Go see on the #blackwatch stage to cap the night!
call me maybe<3
Thx for the #FF from a fellow email marketer!
In business and in life, so often we simply do not have because we do not ask. Be bold this week and ask for great things!
bring it to me I can clean it & make it look new. We have to keep our rings forever.
Got a problem with it? ;-)
I see sparks fly whenever you smile :)
Thank you. My niece and I were just talking about our problems with iTunes sync. Sometimes feel as if we're the only ones.
agreed. Be happy. Fear not. /cc and
Eho boo! :D x
Can't make it feel right when its Wrong
Journey=Drink #bachelor I am now sending a message in a bottle too. To my bartender. More booze. Now.
ouch.. plus $10 beers!
Don't date girls from slyrtherin...
I think Amy Adams is here
Jewelry work day😃got my Beyonce and Whitney Houston videos on in the background
Madame Ur Y Sus Hombres, says it’s the violence that’s triggered so much creativity in Tijuana
Ahh so excited for the game!
#justAintcool when a chick has big tits but no ass
Wishing my buddy luck on her french concert :) Love you carrot :3
To everyone who enjoyed The Key And The Sword, check back with us tonight for something special at 7 o'clock! Tell your friends!
#teamfollowback I always follow back. CHeck it.
i without a doubt oppose the idea of hunting an animal for play because what makes an animal any less important than you are
That does not sound fun at all.
Please tell me this god retreat is a joke
We'll be performing some new songs
Good day.😊
Save your heart for someone that's worth dying for. Don't give it away. <3
People love that show! Another reason I need HBO.
cant believe i just went to 4 hours of dance with walking ammonia....brb dying.
Open Mike at the Dog and BOne last night; tonight I went to the Song writer's association at "LaJava Lounge" out in Cape Canaveral...
I am cutting myself off from the media and blog sites. Too many people losing it, I can't read one more emo comment.
M. no longer wants 2 b labeled. Caroline's IRL friends & family members affect her writing & I can't speak 4 them.
Live music tonight !!! Starts at 7.... With Kelly Riley!
NO I SMELL GOD
I'd never get anything done
Make it happ'n, Capt'n!
Conaway speaking now. Landers and Pugh are also present. Rolley slated to arrive. No word on Blake or others.
y am i losing followers wtf
Same! I would retweet Christine but I don't want more ppl to read that article!! Not accurate portrayal at all.
MATT FLYNN IS OFFICIALLY A SEAHAWK! YES! YES! YES! YES!
Bill: My sister has lovely long red hair all down her back.Will: Pity it's not on her head.
BAD GIRL i love this songs You're my favorite
LOL! I am 5'4" so 155mm is the right length for me. No, this is not a unicycle. It's for my TT/Tri bike.
had dinner was good ham and mac cheese with all my family it was good i cook with my 2 boys there did a great job helping
Show them tits for titty tuesday?.
Coworker: Fabe!!!! Guess what?!!! Me: (jumping out my chair) Oh snap you scared me! What's up? (as I sneaky minimize my browser window)
*contented sigh* RT : That moment you realize you never have to take that person's crap ever again.
RT : RT : BREAKING: Adele declared winner of GOP debate
no cause if you would taken your camera , you could of taken a picture with billy since 8:00 !
Holy shit I love a 90's sax backup on a song
Where is it playing?
Valentine's Day Party at my house!
iPhone's autocorrect function has really messed me up when writing emails on my laptop: I just expect words to fix themselves!
RT If you don't fuck with me 24/7, don't bother fuckin' with me at all.
Great balcony seats at the #knicks game!
Thanks to consumer pressure, I get to keep wasting my life watching practically anything I want on my television! Yay!
happy mothers day love! & congratulations graduate! I'm proud of u!
I went through a very intense dolphin phase when I was 9. It was a dark time for me.
<3 "Someday, someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else."
aww, that's wonderful! I've been busy a lot lately too. Busy is good though!
Hot chocolate season is not over yet. Stop by the Chocolate Library today for the best variety.
hahaha!!! I bought ME2 and 3 for PS3 to play as femshep. I don't think mine will have Minaj donk though I do like donk.
In the movie Pale Rider. What does Clint Eastwoods character put in his safety deposit box and what does he take out? Reply on this tweet.
It is very true, that the way you think creates reality for yourself. Oprah
Fell off of a skate board yesterday and took a chunck out of my hand. Yumm
#artpolitics "recessive acting" or "quiet politics"
right now say something (:
Can someone come get me out of this hospital.
I like that spector in your avi
my eye hurts
Having #dimsum at The Palace in Los Feliz. Love the table side presentations here. About to feast on some chicken feet.
Working on an essay and debating options for bread baking during the weekend storm...
great #art unites, #society separates. why do some musicians talk so much about the 2nd part?
if this is heaven I want to die all over again
If you hear the words "oh yeah, suck it" coming from my bedroom, it's probably just my boyfriend vacuuming
The Tension is crazy. .iNeed sum a dat goodnite #Frustration NOT kool
You bet. They are a lot of fun.
wow, so so heart breaking
Thanks so much Caren! Hope you have a great rest of SMC!
I read it for acquired cog class and LOVED it!!!
thanks! Please do.
4 followers away from 500, not that i'm paying attention
Omg god I hate english! Well actually I like it but I lost all my note cards and can't do my bibliography and it's due tomorrow morning :(
Ah!!!!!!!!!!!! Elevate is coming out tomorrow can't wait I'm definitely getting it woo I love BTR <3 \(^o^)/
what movie?
Saliendo del gym. Working out!!!
We raised over $20,000 for our autism aquatic programs at Splash for Cash yesterday! Thank you for such amazing support!
woot! thank you! :)
hope I don't have to wait until Dec for new music from you
6 days before the Xmas Forum Events end!
going home, just got back from a family thing! You?(:
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials. ~ Confucius
"she coulda been a model" was hilarious
Squeezing in a last minute #2011 workout
She can love you good but I can love you better ;)
If vet thinks she's not too skinny, she'll be spayed next week & immed avail for adoption. Will let U know when she's on web.
Have enjoyed the photos of your trip, Jay! Y'all have a safe trip home.
he sure is trying
what's the schedule for seniors tomorrow?
I just remembered that this week is a 4-day week! Huzzah! Thank you, Good Friday!
Thanks & Great discussion. Wish I could've contributed more; I do *super* old-school indexing.
Call every girl we ever met Maria, but only love for Jenny's heart.
Forgive, son; men are men; they needs must err
The DealChicken team will be at the Colorado Mammoth game tonight! Stop by and say hi!
There is a link between official violence and individual violence. What will happen with we have official default?
When all else fails, play gold fish. At the lake. In the dark. #winning :)
National Workplace Wellness Week ----> bike and bus.
What we think, we become.
RT : Groundhog's day & you deserve a cup of Corn Chowder with a Wilted Spinach & Roasted Pepper sandwich & Darjeeling tea for lunch
Chili hamburgers with sweet potato fries were amazing tonight! LOVE YOUR MOMMAS!
also got a triple double :)
I know, what's up with #nolovedurian just wants all the hugs for himself.
we just got a boxer puppy and soo many people have asked if she is a pug because she is only 7wks and tiny
haha yes I do, you told me yourself
I don't know which is worse...the people who work out the week after NY or people who only go to church on Christmas.
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not!
#DeepestSongsOfAllTime "Alyssa Lies"~~ Jason Michael Carroll
"Simple Song" - The Shins
Happy Bastille Day and Vive la France. Creator of all things beautiful.
Just learned a new dance.its called the
Time to get textual with tonight! We got our weekend stud hangin' too! 6-9-8-2-2 on your celly!
RT : The beauty of failure is that it backs you into a corner and forces you to learn a valuable lesson that you......
I have something for you guy. Pancakes? no. waffles? no. mcdonalds? no. go away. its not food. goo awaayyy
Eat your heart out Thierry Henry on that goal by Darlington Nagbe. Timbers rewarded for making him the No. 10. Great finish. Class.
#20ThingsAboutMe; 15. It really annoys me when people can't tell I'm being sarcastic.
If you don't see yourself as a winner, then you cannot perform as a winner-- Zig Ziglar
doesn't understand twitter
I'm telling u girl!!!! Its bullshit but I guess we should be used to #HATERS by now cuz lord knows the pack has a lot;)
Hahaha. Holes in the knees might make me look badass, but a hole in the crotch is just vulgar!
If they play graduation music, I might cry
Sometimes we waste our moments. We don't take the time to say the things that are in our hearts when we have the chance.
is green RAMPS-flavored?
haha no. Don't see them hanging with OKC anyways if they make it.
drop sticks
TRYNA GET ON WITH YALL HOLLA AT ME FOR A PHOTO SHOOT
Hoping the rain holds off for a while. I want to ride home with the top down and fertilize the lawn this afternoon.
when i wake up tmrw i better hear the Lakers won..............
I needed the good news
We can't wait to see you either!
you never even knew,well the truth is about to come out
*Singing to Aaron Carter* I WANT CANDY! Beka: "Get in my van!" XD
made my night.. ♥
You may now eat the bride #JackInTheBox pure hilariousness
Just watched a thriller on Netflix. Would like to see #QR sidebar of film background details.
Two words: Bird. Internet.
thunks are like a pop on steroids. it's not natural. But since my back feels better, I'm going with it.
Get fly or go home #1 rule Shay Shay
It's long past time for some sleep. Better late than never.
WTF WTF a gazillion times... No school again what the hell! Curse u snow!! T__T
why thank you, have a blessed day as well :)
wrote the book on "“ignorance, belligerence, and dishonest rhetoric."
is Zubrus on waivers, i see some reports online... but ???
You, sir, are a man I impeccable taste.
Back in Denver yahoo!
That's the UK band you were telling me about last month, right? :)
i have a crush on my best friend but i dont date friends
aww today's your birthday??
thnx again! :D
ah man now I want nachos. AND DORITOS.
Look Amazing TODAY! *Tanning Specials* Buy 5 UV Tans and get 2 Free! Purchase ANY bottle of LOTION over $50 and get 2 FREE HT60 Tans!
give them a listen whydoncha! either way, drinks will happen this thurs fri sat sun or mon? then craziness ensues! enough options?
I miss you too baby <3
I HAVE TO FUCKING BABYSIT FOR YOU
yo he's jus pissed he still lives at home wit his moms, and he hasn't came out the closet yet!
Just saw Jeff Van Gundy at the rec center!
at some point you and I need to discuss Cabin in the Woods.
Here to let you know, if you're going through something keep holding on to God Unchanging Hands! He will never leave you.
“: Selling my espresso setup today. - Hey I might have some interest in that.
yeah lol Gurl I'm looking for a book for a project lol
thanks. We really appreciate that. We look forward to handing you some of our projects so you can check them out.
I need to start a load of laundry before I leave the house tho...
I saw a video of you eating shit out of a tree in the middle of the lake today. Ashley and I had to re-watch like 3 times. Ha
This is me too tonight.
Please let it snow lots tonight and tomorrow!! I want my very first snow day!! And to make a snowman!!
Looking forward to your commentary!
this was supposed to be about me...
I think some have never had a major reaction so they aren't careful....
think the soup was my favorite!
Looking at Adjudica, we should have had you there at Next time?
haha you're still a kid bro :)
haha aw. Congrats!!!!
you gotta check the chair out in person- its so cool!
iowa western >>>
Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky. Conscious breathing is my anchor. ~Thich Nhat Hanh
Comical to see all you grizzled NFL writers trying to fathom the Tebow story that is about so much more than winning games
You can't build a worker for 6 months then decide they aren't ready and swerve. They were stuck & they failed.
Anybody have notes from the GIS session on Sat?
Bucky you need to do a show at Red Rocks in Colorado.
hey I know this guy and his cousin's friend's goldfish died. Can I get a RT for support?
Saturday and Sunday are suppose to hit 72. Anyone want have a Sunday Funday? A.K.A Kickball? Baseball? Flag Football? Basketball? Crochet?
1/4 of the way done with grad school: officially a quarter librarian!
As they say 'common sense ain't so common anymore'
Does Hazard, Kentucky sound as good to you as it does to me? Damn, it sounds pretty good.
Thanks for the RT and support :-)
❤RT : Love is not meant to be held in. It's meant to be expressed & shared. Express your love & it will grow. #TDL»
- thanx..hope U have an amazing weekend
Happy first winter Snow Day!
happy mothers day lol :P
Nice but why is it on the floor?
Yew Smell like toilet water
Pulizzi: Without transduction, narrative vacillates between biological and technological artifact.
RT : Always tough when you have to leave your family for a period of time.
my phone sucks. by the time the call id shows who's calling they already hung up smh
Fuckin mad nigga in this school don't no how to stop fukin with people cuz they don't hve shit else to do
Shid Was Good G!
the template is incorrect, but yes, we're accepting sans serif - problem resolved. thanks!
I was reading a fanfic bout him and on my notification got twitter pop up..so press,straight away BBomb tweet.
Lms For A Too Keep It Real & RATE . . . #BallinHardButNeverPlayedASport . .
Great day designing Beat Well icons for the brand. Website will start being coded tonight!
Hey Josh, my brother, Anand, lives in Eugene. Is it a good place for tea?
you ok bestfriend.
copyright fail v. succeed misses point - it's a means towards an end "To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts,"
The Metrowest Colonials are proud to welcome Dan Larouch and Joe Ferrara to the Colonial Family! Welcome Home!
The article is by Mark Galli, who also authored the textbook on Francis that we use in iConnect, our first-year class.
Also, my itunes account ot hacked.
I hate it when I'm wearing socks and I step in something wet. rt::
wtf you serious ?
my place tomorrow. Everyone is recording
Look on the bright side - the aircraft will *definitely*not* BACK into a mountain
You can only fight so much for a relationship until eventually you just give up.
I always appreciate supporting projects by people who have themselves supported projects in the past.
first loss by the hands of a Greek.
“: I wish I was single, ohh shit News just came in. I am SINGLE lol.” LOL
Yall bringing some cider to this announcement? RT: NC Gov. to make Asheville economic announcement
super bowl tonight stop in $25 all you can eat and drink stoli and horny goat beers and food at half time. 2011 s 1 street
#BackInElementarySchool I used to spend my whole Saturday outside even when it rained
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
Game watching at tonight. Early bird door prize drawing at 7:15 for those in #CBJ gear. bit.ly/qPmI7F tees available
i hate when you make plans that never happen
There have been so many great lifeguards over the years at !
Gratitude is the golden key that unlocks the door to complete content.
When I wrote this I thought of Eric Kelly! "Oh I'm a lifegaurd, I'll save you."
Thx for the quick reply. Could you pls add it back on the next one?People could think it doesn't exist if its not listed.
Lol! I'm watching E! News
& Thx for following!
How can taking a "communication perspective" change our relationships and social worlds? Find out at www.cmminstitute.net $2500 awards!
yum! Sounds delicious!
Nice save by little Timmy.
is uploading a new build to id and Microsoft!
will we ever see a rerelease of the state book its impossible to find
I dread getting the results of that test
Step 10 often forgotten task - document your experience! Full text search doesnot work; syntax rules differ #sqlpass 10 steps to SQL cloud
whatcha up to?
- you are never over #MostVotedPlaylists ft -Lolipop
Bitch I'm a star
Looking forward to presenting with tomorrow in Bunker Cardiff ☺
value is an understatement. I see data in a whole new way now. Looking forward to seeing you again - where are you speaking next?
This sounds awesome! Have fun writing it.
At the Madison Kid's Expo with Carsten and Lindsay. Very surprised, but he's loving the fire trucks.
I open my arms and wish you were here.
hahahah she really cant do ANYTHING no lie
The things people worry about.. some people really need to get their priorities straight.
I just saw yo sis, u weren't in the house were u?
On my way to Just might have to go for it and order one of the junmai daiginjos.
Tape has started selling out! If you want tickets, you'd better get them now. www.pinkbananatheatre.com. This show is going to be amazing!
I should be doing SOMETHING on Friday night. Since I'm getting up early though tomorrow, I'm going to make this time "movie time".
Great eat
I've been thinking about Zen a lot lately, so that scene hit home for me too. Terrific movie, thanks for the tweet.
follow back? :)
Pulled out my old Ovation Legend to play & just strumming it makes clear why it has been my main guitar over the last 17 years... magical!
There's no way I'm gonna pass the AP english test tomorrow.
I wonder if there will ever be a day that I do not hurt or am not injured... physically. Go frogs.
Disney or dream works ?
Bring back the El Camino please!
Anyone know of there's gonna be a second simpsons movie?
We'll be inside the Brown Center for The Vigil tomorrow night due to weather. Jerk & curry plates from Kader's to keep you toasty.
lauren I honestly want to cry.... I'm not positive, but I'm like 75% sure </3
Glad to hear you were able to keep the funding. Thanks for doing so much to benefit youth and the community!
why is it so hard to get you to follow me?
Stephen A vs Skip... Always fun.
is giving us the best early Christmas present ever! #PutYourHearsUpDecember20th :D ♥
“ The show is going great #kokodennisshow”
Drinking: Angel's Share, @ Samuel Horne's Tavern
Tuukka looked bad on that goal, but Chara backed off too much. Chara has not looked good for a while. Bad giveaway behind the net.
thanks so much for the mention!
WHY do you have an alarm set to go off every 9 minutes starting at 7am when you don't get out of bed until 10?!
Fight Week/Vlog Week!!
The EPA’s Renovate, Repair and Painting Rule, otherwise known as the “lead paint law”, is now in effect! Be informed on how it affects you!
just went to a raiders ggame with my dad. so much fun.lol those chargers were really mean to me though
3 out of 3 correct on the Slocum Memorial Quiz! I've always found the story of the General Slocum morbidly fascinating.
it was still fun trying to figure out what song/band I was listening to, haha :)
Anyone from Philly that doesnt think we are the most brutal fans in the world...is obviously not from Philly really
I'm sensing an A+++
we wish! We will have music just on fb just for you :)
oh really?
Guy in the band before us smashed a guitar. Too bad he was a giant fuck-face and his band sucked.
We just got them posted...tell your friends to vote for you!!
heyy there stranger how have you been?
that's a good thing then,you'll be remembered when/if he blows :) that's a plus
Orioles, they won't be around that long, Yankees will
Really pulling hard for you guys!!!!! Beat 'em!!!!!
If ur the last table at a resturant get the fuck up and finish ur convo at the bar
Randy last I heard you suck dick,, you cock sucker
Lasagne in the oven. Sick little boy on the couch. A day I'm thankful to be able to work from home.
: Great starting point. Focus on whatever it is that makes u, you. You were uniquely designed. Find your gift! <-- Agree!
So let's do it like they do it on Discovery Channel
I checked out Tag'z today. I doubt I'll ever buy my meat somewhere else again.
umm i just bece a tweeter and i m still new to how it all works but are random people you dont know supposed to follow you& do i followback
who tf are you? Take yo young underclass ass home bitch
Can we please talk about how awesome the movie Dazed and Confused is?
Tonight at Grassroots (20 St Marks Place) with Adam Kolker, Ugonna Okegwo and 9 to 12. No cover. Come hang!
The Bucks down by 12 to the lowly Wizards w 7 min to go. They lose this it's pretty much the dagger in their playoff hopes.
#ihatejordans because they take up all my space in my closet 😂😂😂😂😂
It's , I love my little cousin :-) ohh and follow me.
shout out to all KIDNEYSTONE PPL What Doesn't Kill You STRONGER! & you ppl make the rocket world go round LIFE IS A BLESSING NEVER GIVE UP!
It's like #ZigZiglar says - "Are you a wandering generality or a meaningful specific?"
Anyone want to help me trend something for Ariana?
I KNOW(: but thats okay because awkward people rule the world just wait ill be president
RT We're proud to join , & in endorsing for re-election.
How do you know when the stage is level ? The drummer is drooling out of both sides of his mouth
iFunia Video Converter for Mac Adds 1080P Support for New iPad
The Signature L features a six inch longer wheelbase for increased rear seat legroom
Why does the World Cup have game after the team's are eliminated? What's the point?
The Indians are raking right now
No LTE in TN yet? It's awesome (when it works and available) here in OH.
Bomb Ass sex will have you thinking your in Love....
Great read, gonna pick up a bottle just for fun.
I think they are getting mad. Starting to snap back at me.
-- we really miss you Amy and Rod!
Morning Tweeties! TGIF have a great day :)
nope just wish we where buyers and not sellers
Yawn...another technical award for "Hugo"...doesn't look good for Scorcese.
Berry's M.O. “: Having fun & misbehaving as always! :) #Motorama”
Yay...I'm tired and angry and have a headache. WHAT TO DO NOW.....hur. I'm going to draw...
Anyone able to recommend a reasonably-priced laptop, mostly for writing so it doesn't need a behemoth hard drive.
A lot of fouls not being called.
why start a skype conversation with me, ask a bunch of questions and then log out? irritating. learn which tech to use for which convo!
Hm. I've been to a club called Dirty Rats, so clearly my standards and judgment shouldn't be trusted on this one.
Retaliers Facebook Pages grow 20 percent on average as a result of these seasonal promotions on Facebook
Thank you.
How neglectful! Both eyes should be on CCF
an awesome feeling: when you tell your boyfriend that you're just dumb and then he agrees ow ok.
Thanks so much. I really enjoyed visiting Lexington and all of the great professors and grad students on your campus. Thanks!
people r to listening to me shit:(
I'm in love with the new version Greyson did in Asia for HOTTN
Three days left in spring break. :-| Back to work Monday.
RT : Thanks for an idea for my next article! RT : But we MUST train mentors on how to mentor!
Smile, it’s contagious!
#FollowFriday to the #DoGood tweeps out there :) Enjoy the weekend!
Be who you are. Love ur life & smile every day. Never change cause someone wants u to. You r loved beyond all measure exactly the way u are!
Seriously Thank you for creating Bronzed Beats tanning lotios I just had the best day day of my life in that tanning bed
Big week to start the season for the boys, few more days of practice at , and , first event thursday
god is love
and then I dropped the most important note in my pocket into toilet, pre-flush
Thanks for all the love You guys along with some many others is what makes Htown a great place to be!
to hell with Bozo, it's all about the return of Fizbo!! Can't wait to see the episode!
mating bugs- go to Florida. They have the love bug; all it does is copulate. They are escapee from the science lab.
Listening to a #Zero7 type mix and realizing how awesome #chilltango and #soundsutra is. Writing a new blog, will publish soon!
Looking forward to this session on "Big Data and APIs for PHP Devs". May come in handy for an upcoming project.
Hey #TransformDH: srsly, get in touch w/Christine DeLucia (Yale) about her critically-sharp work on US indigenous history & digitization.
did you know she's in Chicago directing a play?
Live music weekend starts tonight with Group Therapy. Then you take the stage for karaoke at 10pm!
Waddup doe FLY people????
I need in on your teams
Just how did the supposedly most chill semester turn into the busiest, most stressful one?
OMG is right. How about the scissor move at the end? CRAZY!
is the #raddest person on this planet. 'Nuff Said. To return the favor, our next song is just going to be titled "Alexa"
Those Guys have a show tomorrow night at The Headhouse. 122 Lombard st. 18 to enter 21 to drink. $7
good luck kid--and for the record, my emoticon rant was NOT directed at you!!!
RT : Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -T. Edison
Hey Bill, do you like creamy or chunky peanut butter?
Life has an excess of folks who are all lies... and limited supply of those who are allies.
well not really cus I'll have that plus more
Mongo by Port Brewing. Tupperware containers of soft taco bake. 2 dishes of Strawberry Pineapple Cobbler. Productivity!
living in enemy territory makes up from last year, eh?
What else could i possibly have? Haha
Got meeting tomorrow w/ Parks & Recreation had to cancel a meeting with the CEO of Special Olympic Tue, will reschedule it. Play P&R by ear
My pops ask me why I ain't got kids yet. You should have 4 or 5 by now.
yes on friday i'm going to write an italian test and it's hard :/
happy Friday
Glad you enjoyed it!
On to 1x04 of #GameOfThrones. I think Viserys just got lucky by being a super-nerd by reciting a lot of dragons' names.
People always tripping on the ramp leading down into C building.
you pay for clean water.
ill have 40 before the days is over!
People will do some irritating shit to get ahead oh a person with a cane
But my coworkers keep blowing up my phone so that means they need me at work -_-
“: #Thebestthingtoever to ever happen to #Cancer Sams Club and Costco (being Fair) they love to stock” yes I do
Took a brief #readathon break to open my birthday presents. Four books, a cd and a new camera!
That was one of my favorite gags in "The Dictator." :)
I can give Pinterest invites if anyone @ #smbootcamp wants one now.
Best freaking performance of the night so far!!! by far!
Also collecting pennies for the Ronald Mcdonald House - part of Rady's children hospital.
We all need a guy like Beau #duckdynasty anyways...yes most of them do.
AMEN TO THAT ❕❕❕IT'S GONNA BE FINE❕❕SO NO LOBSTER N SHRIMP???
still pretty funny.. and shit u can't hold anything back gotta go for what u want
That's the only answer, really.
white power?!
Good morning!
True story about Havel and Dylan in Prague, Czech Republic, 2003. Gorski told me NOLA.
My twitter name is simple -
9 days til my week at the beach! Counting down!
trey songz that dude hands down
hahahahahahahaha yes!!! & we can blast Nathan's covers the entire way there!
Mrs. Officer...now i know who Lil Wayne was rapping about.
Disappointed that the Bright Eyes show in Louisville is on a Tuesday.
RT : The moral code of our society is so demanding that no one can think, feel and act in a completely moral way.
day off to the spa. if she likes sports, tickets. a nice restaurant.. RT : well tell us more creative ideas
u had me grinning from ear 2 ear
stinks well I gotta sleep so good night
Happy late halloween everyone!! Lol
Could be! Many go under the radar for years.
Welcome new followers and And remember 503.227.1234 #BroadwayCab is at your door!
eh - I think you're too quick to judge, there's a lot worse things they could do, like say "Dear John"
It's not even 11 AM yet & I've already seen 2 prostitutes on my street. Life is good.
I wish i was a twin. 👯
every girls a fucken princess...
Can we get a RT for complimentary new #ShockTopWheatIPA at Bucks on Regent tonight from 6-8pm? Hopefully you can make it!
did I steal her tweet or something?! 
Sorry I haven't been on Twitter a lot, I've been busy w/ cheer, dance, voice, and MANY more.
Watching my dr who is 20 min late for my appointment stand outside and talk to some dudes :-/
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys💡
“: Bout to clock in with " YES SIR!
wish I could see your Chris Walken impersonation right about now- GENIUS!
As long as you like it, that's all that matters! (I tweeted that before that song got AMAZING.)
Zucchini bread is the bomb! I know where you're coming from
who's gone? Dixon?
"...they never brought a baby to a nunnery.//according to Shakespeare in Hamlet, a nunnery has a VERY different definition....
Why is this old turd on the bus telling me about his daughters? I don't give a fuckkkkk.
Goodness! We're blushing. RT : Check out chatting #cybermonday on ( too at ):...
Yes nothing big!
Greetings! Just a reminder of our next make-up class on Dec 16th. Get those tips on Day to Night looks!
I want to be a part of it!
NF the rapper that randomly started rapping near her house in humboldt park
#17bella What was you're first initial reaction when you find out you were going to play cece jones ?
or reply to them to go and hunt and gather... Lol
Rudy Gay!
SWNI grant to support art classes for seniors see our "workshops" tab to sign-up
Yea when
Tweet us if you wanna meet up here
Personally hated it. Guessing it's the taboo nature-- but I am perplexed as well as to why it's appealing to women.
#BKFerry . Tonight. . I'm excited.
DeCosta: still a lot of goo player out there. The hunt goes on.
Haha : ) My friend named her baby kyle : P Is ur nickname River ?
you're fortunate to live close to the land. It's like L.A. around here.
Tramp stamp is hanging out today.. #croppedtee <3
- my first thought was "holy cow, look at those paws!" What a sweet looking pup. How old is he?
Yay! RT : Hooray! just got out of her lumpectomy & is ok. Send lots of love right now, Twitterverse!!!
: I am going to attemp to duplicate Ronnie's efforts this weekend.
I'd be down. I don't know anyone.
I did, it's good. Lol
What if anything do you listen to before you slumber?
HAHAHA one thing I'm not looking forward too when I get older.
-O love doll!Great pick!Ty for playing #TrendsTues!Please follow me for #celebritystyling&#fashiontips!xox
The Chicago Bulls are 11-3 ATS this year after a game where they went over the posted total by 7 or more points.
you always need Lysol...what about the rain boots?! You should really just Lysol the air Trish!
Carl annoyed me this episode. Why isn't olive oil watching her kid? I blame Dale's death on Carl.
Connectiveness! I like this word. It seems very biosocial.
It's a route in #Barneveld, Eagles up 59-19 with 3 min left in the 3rd. Whitish having a monster game.
Loretta: Yes, Ronnie, in front of all these people I will marry you.
Not a problem! Glad someone cares! Biggest issue is "can milw EVER win a title?" Should goal be a 50 win, 3/4 seed?
Any thoughts on Irsay getting rid of Pollian(s) before Superbowl crowd shows? Coincidence? Not part of it but still a shadow on the team.
Heat transfer printing + manual printing = total access for all customers needs. Keep all jobs in-house.
forget drone journalism! drones for #qs; think of an autonomous robotic agent following me around collecting data :)
New Beat Up "I Go Hard" Go Listen/Download SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat Make Sure To Download "Pour Up" Push It To #1 On The Charts!
Chen's shutout just got Mair'd
It wasn't. It was awesome in the moment, but really boring to watch now...like Simon Cowell.
Check out the purple booth#716! FREE Massages & goodies at the #LAMarathon Expo!
I know. It's so cool!
that's cool
Okay, Rose. Deal. is about to make me happy by watching the latest NCISLA episodes. (She's behind by 2.)
ON THE NOSE!
# FF they won Best of Burque - Best Museum !
wow no sarcastic comment?
is that the one with the MC Hammer song?
Can i just commend for making such good ice cream drumsticks?!? GOOD GOD.
Hello mike, hope this finds you well.
n Music Meeting Pumpkins “Widow Wake My Mind” ok, didn’t get better happy 4 Billy he’s dating Jessica Simpson Yay for us ugly dudes
We're excited too!!
The EWCA rules in Ajinomoto Sweeteners case involving the single meaning rule in defamation and malicious falsehood: [2010] EWCA Civ 609.
Just why does Anthem Blue Cross require Adobe Reader on my Mac to download forms, and why do they use an ActiveX control to check?!?!?!
Yikes-- no wonder parking is so bad everywhere. Forgot about the Spring Breaker's.
Thanks for the RT's! Happy Mother's Day.
Saying swag in every tweet makes you look like a bro/douchebag.
CJ Watson/John Lucas combined for 27 points and 7 assists with just 2 turnovers. They were annihilated on defense though. Bulls will be fine
Thank you! I have so much fun working on the show.
"If it's the last thing that I do..."
Today I speak at the NACWE Teleconference w/ on the Power of Joint Ventures. It is not too late to join us!...
"emmillllyyy emmillllyyy" haha! yep, he's a singer/songwriter alright! That fool must have written 98% of the songs on country radio.
Holy eff. That's so absolutely wonderful. Congrats! They look great.
Save those $$$$-- $29 for a Mani-Pedi at Nails By Tracy, only on www.crowdclick.com
hope you had a nice day at the desert! :] well goodnight now, sweet dreams and love you so much! :*
you and me both. I'm going crazy with curiosity as to what happened there.
Easily the most hockey I've watched. Result made it well worth every minute. Jameson shots every goal was about zero fun though. We'll...0+3
12 incredible days. LA. SJ. SF. Santa Cruz. Carmel. Big Sur. San Simeon. SLO. LA again. SD. Down the 1...CA, you are quite beautiful.
What do you love most about dance? Follow?
special shout out lov the products #Durable &
Turned it on just before halftime, unsurprised by Washington's "O" RT Has a coach ever been fired at halftime?
#orphans8 Gartenberg: "the importance of looking closely at the physical media"
But what's up
no, thank you
<----Who has a chance to meet Joe Tait today?
#CantWaitToSee STEREO X tonight at Chrystie 141 at 11pm! We love ! & makes her NYC solo debut to open the show!
“: Studies suggest chewing the same flavor of gum while studying and taking a test can help improve your score.”
hey girl!!!
have an issue I would like to get your opinion on, if you have a 5 minutes at ASTD 2011 let's try to connect
Wakin up early in the morning when u have a hangover 😡😡😡😷😷😡😡😡
Ssunds pretty nice to me. :)
It has begun
Thanks for the RT!
I read that article. If youre a cop and to mace an 84 y/o woman, what does that say about your ability to do the job?
Women like a lot of talking and foreplay before sex, while men like to skip foreplay and go straight to sex
That entire movie drops so much knowledge its ridiculous
this is all making me hungry.
Once again, the world is a flood with bad writing.
Seems what I mistook for an #okcupid correspondence going REALLY well may have been a fair young thing using me for wank fodder.
I went to the new one that opened up in Dupont, it was pretty good.
These are death penalty offenses you cannot attack an americans internal organs its not a joke <Belinda Jackson>
Lol had a reality check today niggas dirty....ice cold on freeze below 0
Speaking of Mock Draughts: Miller Lite.
13 minutes to go
Is so proud of myself when I cook something instead of having popcorn or cereal for dinner...*putting on my big girl pants*
Mini vanilla wafers
We do iOS internships.
Lakers. Clippers. A city divided, but my loyalty lies with the lakeshow.
Kind of a bummer that on the night I have a Young Living event, my little one takes a 45 min nap. Ugh! So many things to do...
because system vendors are investing in next gen systems, not separate ERMs
really good thanks!
better yet... How do you get tickets like this for free?!? Lol. I know a dude....
There is something to be said about a good Agatha Christie mystery.
There is a designers' axiom that seems appropriate here: "If the whole page is bold, nothing is bold."
Grading of student projects --Some are Excellent others good
Tea parties and Twitter.
omg. I take back posting that song now! </3 D:
Watchin "Don't trip he aint through with me yet!" On #centric has 3 generations in tears....
Thanks, I'll check it out!
Thanks for tuning in, jkkeller!
The early bird catches the Egg McMuffin! This Friday RT for a chance to win 2 free Egg McMuffins! Stay tuned!
i tried it in explorer got same errors.I wrote "fill in the blank" for each blank spot-that's not it
Good grief. 48.
(I ate the goddamned) Frightened Rabbit
got a rake?
So important, you had to tweet it twice! :-)
Standing next to a girl who looks like a Vera Bradley catalogue threw up on her...
I'm getting spam messages from you. Might wanna change your password!
in the port with and at work and in the strip
i just follwo him
app store
: Tickets go on sale today for Jason Aldean and Luke Bryan! What is your favorite song from either of these artists? All of 'em
Sorry to hear about your experience. Could you send more info to and we'll follow up?
It's even easier if you're broke!
If you walked through my thoughts, you'd be like Alice walking through Wonderland. NOTHING WOULD MAKE SENSE!
: MLA posters were due 4/23; they won't be available electronically until the conference
this lady always trying to bother somebody.
It is going to be interesting.
Love it: the box trying to figure out why Outlook crashed has itself crashed.
We are really excited about the upcoming #momvoxbox! Make sure to unlock your Mom Badge in order to qualify!
Super stoked for tonight!
Elliott - Try the bhang lassie. It'll make the Taj even more incredible.
thanks for the RT!
You've trained them to put themselves into ur vav bag?!? RT : If I find one more stink bug my vacuum bag is going to explode.
Life- everyday is a holiday! Enjoy it:)
Benjamin- thanks for RT- have a great weekend
Had a great lunch at Discovery World and learned more about the work of Meta House!
For this, I'm not going to jail but I'm sure gonna go to hell.
Next question RT : They let me in the club with whatever Forget the dress code.
Thx 4 follwng LR All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
hehe me! D:
Excited to hear that one of our Board members, , is a panelist at - Feb 4th!
That's a false dilemma,isn't it?Also,at that stage,they might not have the luxury of choosing between those things.
Happy 2 year anniversary of being back in #ABQ to us! To celebrate, stop by either of our locations and receive a #free doughnut of choice!
I know I need to be sleep smh lol
Go CANUCKS Go
Why cant i take take care off my playlist!!!!!!!!!!
Let the church say "Amen" . Thank you for all your music Whitney, we love you goodbye!!!
1967- Van Nuys premier #head shop Captain Ed’s Heads & Highs first opened for business
I can't wait till you come over (: let's hope we aren't caught.
“: ...What you think of me is none of my business...<<<<<love it! My bro taught me to say that!;-)
SEND ME SUM OV UR MUSIC TO,MY EMAIL
What you didn't know was that all the actors were actual zombies. SAG union rules. Complicated.
Im tweeting from my TV.
Every imaginable illusion of separation is employed by this system. Divide and conquer is the most simple and effective method of control.
Many thx Charlie..hope all is well. Lots more room here for others wanting to "live the dream"!(: Hv an awesome wkend my friend
I've always had amazing service from rackspace. What's going on?
A sorry boy makes a sorry man. smfh
It is amazing when a project comes together! All of the extra hours are so worth it. . . well at least that is how I feel!
what a sexy man
Do I send flowers to say I'm sorry, or is he allergic to flowers?
May the 4th be with you! :)
Just rearranged my room.. Now I don't wanna clean the rest of if... Bo. 👎
probs the Abbey. We're kinda sucking it up... no cover charge, and honestly, would ANYONE recognize us after three months?
The ticket is $118 dollars :)
Thank you and to you and the family! Has a gift card for there so we must go back!!! :-)
A person who has had a bull by the tail once has learned 60 or 70 times as much as a person who hasn’t. ~Mark Twain
It's either get married or go to jail
how about the Ghoulish Gallop in October?
Thanks to everyone who came to the KJAY Christmas party tonight! Fun times & great company!
Heading to Ft Collins for CSU-Weber St. Go Rams!! (via ) Hope it doesn't rain on you! GO RAMS!!
That video was truly beautiful.
Have a video phone? Video yourself singing a song. Watch it and make notes about what you want to change.
Looking for a great Friday Happy Hour? LiLLiES of #WoodleyPark #DC has $3 drafts, 5$ rails, $6 house wines from 5-7PM!
no problem. Good luck with next steps!
husband<3 i love you
“ Ion do no cheating if I'm wit cha I'm wit cha”
I know, he's become annoying now
How is this...lolzz..
Inside joke is inside.
Don't forget to text your glove vote today! Text READS to 86132
don't you ever let me do karaoke again.
I agree
I think you guys have a new obsessed fan on your hands lol.
. on the upside, when you spend the holiday alone, you save the life of a turkey. we're heroes, basically.
I hope you win King of the Web!!!!!!! Your videos are amazing you totally deserve to win!
I want to thank the restroom at 25 W. 4th St. for introducing me to the most impressive farter I've ever heard. I call him "the motorboat."
So Life Point Church is the best church ever..
love you too
that's what I like to hear homie!!! 90%Grind 10%Sleep #GoGetta ....
Welcoming Caleb Lavin To the Queen!
I want to win this contest so bad!,like you dont even know! :D
no no no - It's not in ours it is from Thompson learning (2005) - indeed Ack!
I think ic
What a weird long day
Your cool(: lol
I'm not against africa @ all. But I've seen way too many people look upon the continent as this ideal place where all will be
shittt, American dad is a brazillion times better
I'm excited that it's almost pumpkin patch time!!
Good Morning world, happy monday now lets get this paper.... Its a unified movement ;)
re: recognizing talent - call a candidate's non-provided references
I love your gay son.
I know. It's too ridiculous to be true, but unfortunately it is.
hey whats up :)
Rejection Therapy, Losing my Virginity - Branson 's recs
he's just being rediculous with that... Trying to be a rebel
Just in time. Yay! RT “: Just bought my sister & I tickets for & the concert Friday night!
current travel music: The Egyptian Lover. current travel snack: Jaymz' wasabe and mustard pumpkin seeds.
nopee you too be ready on Thursday lmfaoo
I'm sending you to Cheeseburger Addicts Anonymous. Seriously.
Cheerfulness keeps up a kind of daylight in the mind, and fills it with a steady and perpetual serenity. -Joseph Addison
Good morning,hope everyone has a pleasant day.
thank you for supporting planned parenthood!
Finally after a week of waiting .. MCDONALD'S ! 😍❤💛🍔🍟🍦I think I just about got everything in the menu
Dick Cheney's new memoir "In My Life" set to be released and will "have heads all over Washington rolling." Will his book tour come to DC?
Hi Mark, you can support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season by using the pungle.me app!
Hope to be able to meet when he comes down to VEGAS FOR THE BILLBOARD AWARDS:)
Mybad my twitter was hacked??
Thanks! Retouched images from the shoot just made it to my computer.
Today is Hospitality Monday!! Also 50cent wings all day and night long..
I knowww): but I really like talking when we do! You'll always be my twitter best friend. You were the first(: haha
2 more shows at Ft Worth tonight w/ and Dueling pianos after. Loser gets shot in the parking lot
I especially loved the 6-year-old listening in rapt attention. Were you there? Sorry not to recognize in person!
Like I said, it's an older rule, like no split infinitives.
love your prices, free drink coupons & frequent flyer program. Your app is pretty great too- but why no mobile boarding pass?
Just wanted to say thank you! Been following uk bball for over 30 yrs & u are one of my favorites. Good luck to u!
They should put old NASCAR races on as replays more
How bout dem Saints?
Kobe lost the ball=)
I hate it when people with no authority try to tell me what to do...
Wild Wednesday; Have a great night. It's all yours!
whoa there pause for just one sec... Did really just tweet that 
I shouldn't have hesitated on those heels! O so jealous right now!
outstanding job!
get me out of this stupid city, time to meet some more Johnny and kevins...
“: As I finish this school year I'm even more excited for next year!” // amen!
send in your #wildwesley tweets to show up on the big screen
Do people not know that health insurance is not free. An Ins. Company covers BC. It is called a co-pay. +Ins premium paid. Not free Russ L.
I know it's been a while
UNC is really laying it on Duke.
"Being a parent is hilarious." Jessica Alba
The episode of Friends when Rachael & Joey make out & she keeps smacking him, and Ross gets a spray tan is SO funny 😂😂
Knife-throwing seems like a good skill to have.
no problem(:
...and because I haven't made you fried rice yet?
Win or lose I'm proud to be a Tiger fan!
All's I'm sain, is: When did solid food become mangiata non grata?
I just read all your tweets. You're totally right. Agreed on ever single thing you said!
About to take a nap and then finish getting the house in order ;)
My life be likee u a u
when's the last time we hung out!??
Collectors probably know how 2 buy them thru broker for an additional fee? Watch for TV commercials. Kids luv dinosaurs.
eh, I'm restless and it was the first thing that popped on Netflix. I gotta pee. Don't wanna leave my room. Fearful of zombies.
Now we stepped into cruel world where everyone keeps score
Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding
Im a photog&was always told I had to get releases for everything How can these photos be posted w/o a release?
Family friend at a church cookout saved all labels and made sure my daughter had safe food without being asked. She really warmed my heart.
four back-to-back dance classes? exhausting, but totally worth it.
After studying for the past 4 days and 5 hours...I'm gonna wake up early and study some more.
where at?
Doesn't go through progressions. Tons of short throws. He's like Trent Edwards meets Blaine Gabbert.
If you're interested in "Intro to Horseback Riding for Actors" in April, contact me! RSVP by Wed 3/14... session begins on Thurs April 5th!
Harder to say "her invention works similarly to this thing I designed"--too many vague patents.
"There was collegiality right before there was no more collegiality." - discussing WI politics, Feb 2011.
Uncomfortable pissing.... Good got damn.....
talking about Salsa/Drupal integrations as well as a lunch BoF on Code-a-thons, Bounties and Contests for code
#FF - This girl is amazing. She's always there no matter what. Love her. Auburn University! Here we come ;)
good morning it's ugly outside it's raining it making me to go to skip
#NOSCHOLFORTHECASTRONOVOS I love you guys.
“: I'm sitting on a gold mine of Brittney Griner jokes. #behaving”how can she play for boys team too?!? More active as dude
why are u lying that's ur police car.. Wit buck shot coming out da tail pipe..
Phoenix on Saturday fly back on Sunday Show in Nashville on May 9th at Lucy's Dinner Getting ready for Key Largo Songwriters Festival
No lie has been stuck in my head all day lol
Ditto. Brands, take note RT : U know those songs u discover & listen to on repeat? Right now that is Some Nights by Fun. LOVE
He stole my heart <3 haha...love u babe !
#7 Adobe Muse trending because Adobe has released software that allows you to design & publish HTML websites without writing code.
Don't forget to pick up a bottle of Stinky for your football party!
Thanks :) appreciate the shout out
Finished S1 of The Killing. Hope S2 doesn't spend long on this subplot about James driving his motorcycle to live with a creepy rich lady.
er..,maybe you'll get Bulls games on WGN.
from the brain, of a genius. No lie
I think is gonna "kill it" tonight at Come check her out at !
Word RT : Certain shit don't excite me no more!!!
watching cody on so random makes me so excited for september 17th!!! :D
Someone save me!!!! Im so bored!!!
Ok Ok
and proud of it lmfao
#Thingsthatpissmeoffinthemorning Remembering what pissed me off the night before!
Need to get you and your podcast over to sometime!
well I would be #lovemesomeporn ;)
you will forever be one of the greatest AI contestants. I can't wait to see what is in store for your future in country music.
Thanks for the RT!
Sarah whats up?! Hei just one random question have you heard of local band Terror Eyes?!
Never did like those big letters. ": just traded a big letter Bach mouthpiece for a small letter one #trumpetgeekwin"
To all my new followers thanks for joining #GimmeYours Nation!! We takin EVERYTHANG THIS YEAR!!
Why did I wake up way too late for McDonalds breakfast -___-
Orgs where senior leaders coach very frequently boast 21% higher business results. (Bersin report)
yeah it was me. It was awk tho cause you had no idea
#tedxbayarea SlideShare is like YouTube only for Power Points - doesn't sound like the most compelling business idea...
you could inbox me if you want. Or Facebook
A girl can kiss a guy, a bird can kiss a butterfly, the rising sun can kiss the grass but One Direction Haters, yes you, you can kiss my ass
love you too girl
that's the attitude. if you can buy the most expensive thing in there REAL casual and be ON THE PHONE when you do it.
2nd 2 show day, let's wrinkle! oh uhh....happy prom everyone.
was there any news on a new studio album from Green Day or are they planning on taking a break again????
Thanks again for coming out! RT : Serial Hawk was badass! Heavy shit!
If you're happy & you know it clap your clap your hands, stomp your feet, wave your hands, leap for joy.
This could be really amazing or terribly disastrous.
Ah one phone call can make this girl happy!
The enemy is always on the move. Trust God and put on your best body armor for the war of life. Our emotions are our weakness
Morning coffee with the amazingly talented Always grateful to start the day on a high note!
Yeah, i tried to text you back but my phone has been goofy. They look awesome!
Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart.<3(:
done and done! RT me of course!
the weekend is almost here !!!!!!
looks like February and gonna be at Meadow Muffins bro, more than likely on Weds
Are you going to suspend advertising on Limbaugh's show or not?
Good morning #UWM. Welcome back from Spring Break!
I just read your post on this "weird" sort of friendship. So cute!
useful site! Love that it doesn't make me log in to use it
FREAKIN PUMPED ABOUT PLAYING WITH YOU GUYS AT ROCKETTOWN ON FRIDAY!
Who the hell thought Country Rose / West Virginia would be a good song over the opening credits of Whisper Of The Heart?
Friday March 30th Woodfish & The Nick Clemons Band will be rocking in Sea Bright. Hope to see a good crowd. Spread the word!
Pujols tells media to talk to his bat.
Be a part of something great! Start your degree today. Call 1-617-603-6942! Move your career forward and SHINE!
I agree that the early bird gets the worm but I need to better regulate not waking up this early when I don't need to...augh!
That's great!!
What movie should I go see tonight??
Come join us for 10 emails to automate today!
Detroit Startup Drinks is Tuesday. Do you have your business cards? Our events are about building teams. No speaker. No agenda.
Another Texas rainy day. The rain drop are bigger in TX.
First Target jet trip to Georgia and Virginia today thru Wednesday - definitely going to dig skipping the security lines!!
#TeamThirst!!! Who wants to join???
it's izz and jess and I have another friend that was a queen with her back in the day so yeah. Lol
AT LEAST HE KNOWS NOW
That precut fresh fruit mixture looked a lot more appetizing yesterday at the store. It doesn't even taste very good. Grr.
thank you beautiful
Im so lucky to have the boyfriend that i have <3
I'm in shape ... round's a shape, isn't it?'
NO IT'S MONDAY TOMORROW! WHY?!?!?!
Good lesson there!
Leaving my little baby and towards the advance social media strategies in CA
jus kids these days the decisions they make and things they do...
ur happy face is facing 2 the right not 2 the left.Unless u ARE Greyson&u switched ur happy faces so we wont know its u :O
Try our new classes today in South Miami! Power Yoga w/ Ashley - 4:30pm & Budokon Yoga - 2pm!
You go through guys crazy fast. You just use them. That's a maneater. What's your definition of the word?
That's what's up bro! ": I think it obvious dat our winners are KAREN and Luclay!..no need to even wonder?"
that song comes on the radio alot
The man in that photo is Anatol Josepho, who is credited with inventing the photo booth and patented it in 1925.
How do I know someone is a charismatic speaker? When they start speaking, I stop what I am doing, take off my glasses, look up and...
lol - actually he'll lose 'em all - MA/NH/CA/MI RT : But Romney has so many home states. He's bound to win one of them.
#YeahRight you going to get a job and move out
Messaging advisory to Ron Paul supporters: Fed audits are hereafter to be referred to as "Mammongrams."
glad you made it safe that's drive is too real
It is -2 degrees right now in Boston, looking forward to some nicer weather in this weekend!
AHOY MATEYS. PREPARE FOR WHIZ KID TERROR ON THE HIGH SEAS. WE'RE GONNA BOARD YOUR VESSEL, AND THEN PROBABLY TURN IT INTO A FLOATING DISCO.
I pure zoomed in to her eye and me phone was literally raping her face hahaha x
Now that it's all said and done, I can't believe you were the one to build me up and tear me down, like an old abandoned house.
it's cold where I am too! Gonna stick it out though :)
Ewww!! Which one?
Thanks! What's Wine Wed.? RT : Happy #WineWednesday !
I like to picture jesus in a tuxedo t-shirt, because it's formal, but it says 'i'm here to party.'
We opened up the app for the UK! Would love to get some early adopters across the pond. ;-)
You inspire all of us, Justin. Thank you for a great 2011. Maybe this will be my year to meet you...#NeverSayNever right? <3
BREAKING: Ovechkin's linemates all play for the Washington Capitals.
#WillowGlen Creamery should do great at their new loc. Folks are buying ice cream at Powells and bringing it to WG Twn Ctr to eat @ fountain
Current pet peeve: when girls wear a belt solely to make their short dress even shorter.
Thoughts, ? RT : BREAKING: Jury finds Virginia Tech negligent for delaying campus warning ahead of '07 mass killings.”
lolol nothing's wrong at all. I could have slept for an hour hahahah it's okay tho I'm bout to eat kabobs for lunch!
Last night I was at a a movie theater, inside a casino, in between a bowling alley and a bingo parlor...only in Vegas.
Memorial Day Weekend in Vegas booked!!! Let the countdown begin...
#obsessed I'm creeping ur tweets tough tonight
it's been busy, busy. how is yours? we're going to have to find some time one of these days to grab coffee & chat :)
I'll be on Talk Philly CBS today w/ Halloween #recipes for a perfect party! comes to the rescue again for quick, tasty ideas
“I can live for two months on a good compliment.” Mark Twain
#imthetypeofGirlfriend who is willing to give but wont take!
Teddy Geiger's songs really keep me motivated
Thank you! :)
H a p p y B i r t h d a y to my chile chiquita :) have a beautiful day today!!! love you & best wishes xoxo <3
you forgot to text me
The Studio 13 Refugees will be providing some study break entertainment tomorrow night in Marquette Hall 200 at 8pm!
Hi, Ms. Sonnack. Are you currently looking for picture books? Thanks!
Did I give you guys a good laugh?
calling me a hoe?
That'd be really great! But we'll actually not be in San Francisco this week but in the Central Valley instead. Another time?
Do not waver...do not flip flop...do not blink...do not sleep...do not eat dog...do not spend thee unborn's not yet made money...
I still have two more days off then back to work
: Thank you for the dm, you're website looks interesting. Do I take it you also have work for actors etc?...
I think I just died a little. He did nothing, and denied its returned completely.
“If you know the art of breathing you have the strength, wisdom, and courage of ten tigers.” Chinese adage
"Ugly Fish" You'll have to attend Eat Drink Read to learn what Chef Chad White of Gabardine has planned to represent a book with that title.
That's a hell of a crew you're in there with.
Thank You & all of you fans <3
we have to leave tomorrow.
Why is m hall so freezing? :(
Will you offer a collective second interview, Dr. Gasser?
Yes yes yes... Go RedWings!!!
I love how some ppl go to a different universe when they are txting
Expectations today r disappointments tomorrow.hence look to fulfill unrecognized needs.
Austins probably signed...
M I think we will go to the fair! Stucco'd all week...need a snack. LOL
I have been riding since 1971. I ride almost every day. My favorite place to ride is in NYC. My son is 13 & we ride.
So. Cal. It's probably pretty easy, wouldn't you think?
h8 when you're watching TV or Netflix on your iPad and your thumb barely grazes the home button & closes the video.
Massages, facials, waxing, Oh My!
thanks and for your posts! stay safe, yourselves
Be sure not to miss a tweet and
Today's BTU inspiration: "The time is always right to do what is right." ~Martin Luther King, Jr.
Louisville sure is playing sloppy.
Hey planet, can you guys please spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !?
Gay Outlaw
TREE INFO- don't forget to water new plantings!
Starting to get into this art shit that everyone's had their collective taint in a bind over for the past few years.
yeah, the idea is just unique in viral marketing
Enjoy Sunday ...
I can't get over how awesomely bad Revenge is. I can only aspire to scowl half as effectively as Emily VanCamp.
has a new website.. and even tweetin the deets! Please follow us!
what'd y'all do?
yes definitely we agree about what type of meal your having determines the kind of wine :)
Someone come visit me at Taco Bell :)
YAY!!! you got a twitter now i can't beleave it!!!!
Thanks for the RT. Hope you enjoy this month's ravings. :)
New day. Thieves DO lose in the end. Remain calm, victory is closin' in girl...keep building.
you're really pretty❤ (:
"Take chances, make mistakes, get messy." -Ms. Frizzle, The Magic School Bus
thank you - i really appreciate the RTs!
“: So love it when does worship in other languages (Spanish). Now let's do german, Thai and aussie”
Also miss my hometown of Downey. :( I'll be back in late June like every year.
Getting hungry, need breakfast stuffs.....
I just want to scream every profanity I can at the top of my lungs… Problem is, I'd run out of words before I felt better
RT- Monster Truck show @ Lazy E Arena in Guthrie, January 7th & 8th! Come out & see a great show! For more info. visit lazye.com
In Chicago for the #Bulls game against the #Philadelphia #76ers. Early tipoff for the #Sixers and the Joakim #Noah/ Derrick #Rose led
Christina Hendricks...*drool*
My sleep schedules so fucked up! Godddddaaamn.
For every follower, is donating $1 to RMHC Austin up to $2500. Please follow and spread the word.
Why opinion of SPCA went down?
there is a lot of time left in this one ... Just sayin
YES it's true! Shorty's will be opening up in Boca this month. The corner of 441 and Clint Moore Rd.
Fresh lettuce is the best!
ive come to the conclusion that were just hurting eachother...are we fighting gor love or eachother???
Thank you for following. I sent you a direct message.
TOTS! Pretty much everyone at my work is going to VidCon!
Everything is wonderful!
at as220 drinking a beer. Was over at small point before for coffee. Their coffee is so good. Enjoying Harper's. where are you?
Don't know too many top-tier IT professionals who want to go work for govt but many would give free advice. [+]
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass. --Maya Angelou
Have a great Sunday!
Looking at the schedule, Bills end season with 4 of 5 home games in Dec. Expect last season push.
Church in 20 minutes.
Yes sir.
I believe it's someone talking loudly through a quiet concert, thus acting like a shitty person.
They should make a zoolander 2
the sky is up silly(;
Free conference calling with 20 of my BFFs because of ?
yeah love it! Malibu too snobby and not much there, downtown LA sucks/traffic, and downtown SD is fun for two days max
thanks puck-- stay tuned in on the weekend evening newscasts!
They need a #CLETweetup!
The only knowledge that can hurt you is the knowledge you don't have
I still didn't get a haircut over spring break
And omg Mary I'm on the common experience retreat right now and turning in my lesson plans for common hour next week
yes im singel
Great new album...
I feel like I'm about to puke. Why am I still not over this?
I'll ping you when I'm done.
You'll be with me..then you'll leave and be with the next but you'll still be thinking about me...
Ever seen a Tundra with a U-Haul for its U-Haul? I swear I could open a mobile shoe store. We might find Hoffa in all this.
I'm sick bro. And apparently twitter is allowing anyone on twitter now a days. Let's get the sweep today
“: How about them Kings got that W last night” they did that!!
Just crossed over thr #michigan state line :) almost home!!!
I want another one of those ASAP.
you're going to do a lot of murderin'
God Korn were so good in the 90s
Merry Christmas from Canada :D
naw I'm not ready at all lol. It's not my day, I can chill and complement his swagg 👍
oh the horror...the HORROR! I'll be stuck looking like a 12 year old...forevah!
I hope everyone in #WI is out on a #Beer garden enjoying thus weather and a
Pop Quiz : What is the longest-lived, continuous production automotive nameplate? # Chevrolet
Congrats! I guess I have to root for the Lions now
not sure, but I can relate... me and Flo, the chick in the Progressive commercials have had some REAL good times!
EVERY drink from 1-2am at Firehouse is poured as a double! Seriously. 1AMpowerHOUR! Who is gonna hate me tomorrow?!??
Dinner and a movie with my mommy and daddy!
So I'm falling again ;)
My stomach is gurgly, gurgly! I have no excuse, I knowingly ate Johnny Carnival's at 2am. I can't blame alcohol either.
what y'all doing on yalls bus ride
#4WordsYouDontWannaHear we need to talk.
I might be doing too much... but I made this far...
Help! I need an online survey site where I can build both push-button and open end questions, and export the data to Excel when I'm done.
Another day, another rain storm in #Denver. Who knew we have a monsoon season @ 5280!!
Are you working tomorrow?
congrats on the new house! that is exciting:)
and only has 1/3 of the angels with him. the other 2/3 are still good
that's awesome!!!!
Daytona here we come!!
Your approach to the Braun situation - and your decision to boo him - cements your status as a pathetic human being
There's a strong theme emerging here of indep research libraries as *teaching* institutions-- important, & surprising to me
can we be friends again..
If I admit that it was yummy, will you make fun of me?
#whenitwascoolto love kidrauhl and nobody knew who he was..
I'll take #walkingdead over the oscars any day.
Thank u for everything u have brought to this world with ur music and love for others. I love u and HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! #SWAG :)
The chicken sometimes tastes like chewy cat -jenna
Trav put me on call tonight.
We that are true lovers run into strange capers.
Museum of Science and Industry is really cool too if you have any extra time!
Thanks Mike!!
I'm voting for you and your nuts in 2012!
It's all about the hustle. If you aren't there, someone else will be ready to take it. Grab as many opportunities as possible.
It was on this day in 1885 that Mark Twain published Huckleberry Finn (I'm filling in for today)
How many more injuries before its neccesary to think about Sanders going on IR? Guys are bound to get nicked up next Monday too
HELL YEAH!!!
I should be studying but all I can think of us how bad I want to go to Disney world ):
then I'm lost as fuck right now.lol
Where should we go tonight?
Paint. Is. Done. Time to start moving in.
one time I thought I was pregnant, turns out it was just a really bad yeast infection
That moment when you realise you have no more tears for him.
Making shit all unnecessarily difficult
DRIVE TIME with
Have also developed the "softer side-eye" which is a non-stank way of examining one's surroundings.
Smile! You'll always have
Give me your forever.
I hate the Homecoming Queen and im pretty damn sure that she cant stand me...
RT Real Life is approachin when you done wit school..So does that mean we've been livin' a fake life?
So glad we could help! We think you rock too!
Cool! I'm excited!
#SXSW Waitin on that performance tonight!
Charles you have a wonderful website, thank you for sharing. Looking forward to your tweets.
Seems like im the only one in this relationship. ready 2 let go.
I'm good with the sushi. Vamps are a little played out and I hear bmws break down to much... O_o
by the time I'm on to a meme it's almost over so hurry ;)
What a perfect day! We’re having pizza for desert, care to join us?
Heading out, hittin' trails... should be nice and muddy!
It's the kind of day when the only thing you can do right is make a ton of custom boxes for re-housing. Fun!
All of us gripe/complain about how bad our lives are, I'm even guilty of this. But realize that ur life isnt as bad as others.
Bumpin Grieves - 88 keys and counting : cant wait to see you guys again. illness
10 days at the beach house! Jealous! Huh huh huh?
Life doesn't get much better ... I now need to pay a penalty for having an unlicensed contractor steal my job
We do need to make an East Coast trip together sometime.
Today is National Tortilla Chip Day
What does Fat Tire, AZ Cardinals, AZ Diamondbacks and The Blenderz all have in common? They will all be on at Fatso's tonight.
Didn't Jim Gentile do the same thing with the Orioles in the 60s or early 70s? Or maybe that was in back to back innings
Aint Talked To Eric Sense 12 Time To Get The CUTTING!
Happy belated birthday !!
shitd! give me about 5yrs to work out then check my AVI when I take it off! All the followers I need lol!
have fun!!!
LSN NEWS/ RICK SANTORUM Presidential candidate Staff Push Back Media Including C-SPAN In DC
they won't let you get your own contract?!
So did we! MT : Thanks for teaching and I about mail art today! And for the cookies.
Gas prices aren't the only cost hitting motorists' wallets hard. Tune in to Sunrise to hear about the latest report!
your girl will be jealous of your #fantasybaseballteam because you spend more time with it than her. Advice: erotic toy
Just got our drum tracks! Thursday we finish "A Murder of Crows" EP! workin on that itunes biz for you ;)
Scientists from u of minn and washington u are working on human conectom- to chart brain major connections
How often do people mistake you for Justin Bieber?
I was thinking about how we used to sit in Mrs. Schneider's class in the 8th grade and eat a bag of fruit loops..everyday:)
thank you!
just contributed. Thanks for sharing such a Great cause!
Great to hear! I'm watching you make awesome lemon merenge pie out of lemons. Stay wonderful! You're a super hero!
wow... my love for SNSD has influenced my friends :) thanks so much :)
I don't think so.lol I'm scared of the outcome of he did.LOL
Best of luck to and at their combine camp. Make an Impact and show them how does it!
Going to bed, G'night :)
no homo hml in the am I'm still at my cuzzo crib # tipsy
Haha, good times.
The avaliable porta-poties during the event will be on the 600 BLOCK OF MIFFLIN STREET
time to go back to work...
monetarily wise I wish I could but been here 10 years it's my home BUT you and you're wife should come up see me and stay for free
probably just means food in baby text...
Watching the Redbirds tear it up.
just outside my house
Its alright we'll get em' tomorrow! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY LOVE!!! I hope you have a fantastic day!!! <3 You are amazing!!
Little Brother skit, "I'm your worst f*€king nightmare." Funny Eli, really f'in funny.
NATO Summit practice .... reassuring isn't it ? (sarcasm here) ;-)
Saw that! They give u 2 pieces of bread and u have 2 walk around n take other people's meat and chz to finish it.
hope y'all had a great Friday 😘
today we had a boring-ass class of good-touch bad-touch virtue lesson and we saw a video i wanted to die 5 mins into it. yes,it was that bad
Eso es bueno! :) What am I saying now? I hate my History Class.
(: Had alot of fun today . Hoping tomorrow is good going to a thing for my bf's baby sister who has cancer :( I hope she gets better .
PETA would hate me in
mir(ror)ed
Realized Pres and + 1st Lady at new Lanford Wilson play, that's 3 major Bway prod with all African America cast in 2 years!
yes they are! Lol. Who thinks of stuffing a pillow with your hair?!
Not in favor of the double steal attempt there. Letting #Cook off the hook.
“: Parents with young kids: Buy anything that Mo Willems writes.” // I agree
No, tomorrow's regular gym.
The only reason YOU get away w/ur dating advice is cause you are YOU. Never stick your tongue down a girl's throat that far! Lol.
It was great talking to you today! See you in July!
Man....... What a loss!!! Lobos have done a great job this season.... We almost had em! Much love to our Lobos!!!!
i seriously can't wait till i'm all done with this court shit, it's so damn annoying.
How is that not game misconduct for boarding?
The beats are rockin, the drinks are flowing and the beautiful ladies are out!! Get down to The Fly!
Im here and it f**king cold
Shwayze performing at the Independent tomorrow at 8pm
Just confirmed with that Ignite founder will visit tomorrow 2 get his ShapeShot 3D face portrait taken, cool!
I wanna dance like Chris Brown
good luck tonight! Will b voting no matter what <3
happy birthday! Follow? Please?!?!?!???!?
Reeeaaally?? :) I HOPE U AIN'T LYING TO ME.
thank you Cindi!
I like how I haven't ate yet.
i miss yu2 ..wat'd u end up doin fa the break ?
Me and my Tinky just laughing !
KNEW IT.
Taking shots on a Wednesday night
I'm sorry you have a hard time convincing some clients that you're better than some other rails shop, but don't fuck everyone in the process
Yay! See you soon! :)RT : Super pumped for training tomorrow at ! See you bright and early!
#CRM tools can be very customized for individual teams & firm members, that once growth starts somewhere, it may only expand. cc'
screw the box! I think outside the straight-jacket
We invite you to renew the Foundations of your Faith tonite. The decision does not need to be emotional, just a made up mind.
let me see u dance c;
#YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf you just copy other peoples tweets and then post them as if you wrote the shit...smh!
It will be a BIG PARTY! Cant wait.
Tomorrow's going to be hard. /:
Aw thank you everyone! I have 100 #followers ! :)<3
“: BLAKE GRIFFIN”. tell em!
Getting close to finishing another new song. I will be tracking guitar and vocals today!
To the Sprinkles ATM--get the batmobile!
A perfect team!
Bellas officially fired.
Saw #TheAvengers on Monday and I am still on #cloud9 #mustseeitagain #ASAP!!!
The awkward moment when you say, "I develop and design things on computers." And the person responds," Do you play Minecraft?"
Happy Friday! On this delectable morning kindly follow
Jack Shortlidge back at OHC! Contact at ! Welcome back, Jack!
Well, it's official, Shell's 3rd Annual Fashion Auction will be this May... still finalizing the dates, so stay tuned...
I am.... I got the M&M passes just to see you! Please go to the M&M in Sunrise Florida!
tumblr is too complicated to operate!!
This is pretty neat! Jumpin in the splash!(:
I understand if u hate meh:( just get over it tho hater!!!
Wikipedia: the musical: 6-day work sprint hosted bringing together wikipedia editors and curators to update and create articles
Just pointing out I've loved that stuff since I was twelve. Others jump on bandwagon. Not you, course,
Can one of your most dedicated fans from TN get a RT on her 40th birthday?
yes bitch!
An American hero, Lee Ellis is our guest today, talking about Leadership and his experience as a POW! Join us!
I'll do what I can. I'm jealous of you and Marianya. I'll make it there sooner or later.
RT : By now, even the automated script I'm running to detect changes in the WWDC page is starting to get disillusioned
Today's Annuls of EM - "Bed rest of any duration after LP has not been shown to decrease the incidence of post-lumbar puncture HA"
Sunday Funday! Get brunch at Spanish restaurant 1492 and kickback with a Sangria! (Oh, and earn some LocalBonus points!)...
Having the biggest #IDGAF day.
I really hate seeing United all over this airport. Proof that I have indeed become a Houstonian.
There are simply no answers to some of the great pressing questions
Hersheys hot chocolate.
Tonight! Free 80s Underground Dance Party at The Shrunken Head! Get up, get out and come in! :) 251 West 5th Avenue!
Why do you look so gorgeous while your packing?!(; <3
i really hope you get tickets. You never know, you could still meet them.
I agree with all if thee above!! I can't wait! And we'll do awesome pictures!:)
yeah, I'm fine. Didn't mean to make it out like it was serious. Someone just ran into my parked car while I was in a bar. smh
" talkin permanent....for temporary " problem is that actually makes sense to me.
So when you have nothing exciting to twitter about, is that what you twitter about?
If you wanna know something, ask me. Don't assume. That's how drama starts
got 10 out of 11 in 5x5 snake. Who should I be targeting w/ my 1-2 pick?
Tomorrow = pool + down the shore + music + dinner out... The perfect equation.
Alice In Staind
Go to any Fed Ex/Kinkos location. They do a great job!
we like you already
MORE DESIGN ON THE HORIZON...
I'm going home.
Some of them want to use you Some of them want to get used by you Some of them want to abuse Some of them want to be abused
“Isn't it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back everything is different...” - C.S. Lewis
It hurts the most when the person that made you feel so special yesterday makes you feel so unwanted today.
Abstract artist searching for Art Consultants - www.timhovde.com
Snoring is the same in any language
it's the complete opposite of awsome
Nic, not yer fault.. Nate didnt put u back in til under a minute left.. Weird cuz you'd been doing ao great on D
I can do anything through him trainer or no trainer #teamjesus silly man your workout plans arn't the answer, but my God is!
mine would be Eli
What Whoo Hoo! What'd I miss?!?!
i got horrible news about 6 hours ago
yum, gluten free brownies!
just got off the turnpike. Home soon!
I was totally shocked the other day seeing a young mom yell at her son "come here n---!" #dto good times.
DAILY POKER TIP: Chopping the blinds is an agreement made between the small and big blind to take their blinds back if folded to them.
thank you! Same to you!!!
hahahah they were amazing!!!
you are so illegal it's rediculas!
you living it up in brip?
Rain loves broccoli and cabbage and cucumbers and tomatoes.
I'll be working too blah. Order lunch in, we did! (from - SO GOOD & my sis is offc mgr there).
#HappyBdayKyleEven <33 :) hope you have a great birthday!!
Starting a teacher YA book club. What book would you chose as the 1st to read? #tlchat Ideas so far: Wonder, Future of Us, Matched
I'm always up for a chat. Hmu
well duh! That has to be our back drop. And night time with candles to make the white and pink look better.
Booty poppin' to Boyfriend because I'm a boss.
"how bluegrass music destroyed my life" fuck yeah
Great! Thank you!
Watching Vicky trying to get water, completely spilled everything cx
I have had my share of blown up servers as well. I feel your pain.
Kicking Dandelions
Donald Driver's got moves like Jagger! #Packers represent
Green Power Energy was happy to participate in the Somerset Co 4-H Fair this weekend. We met a lot of great people who love solar!
I hate being sick
is so johnny on the spot to criticize Officers. Where is he now when they sacrifice their lives for SD city citizen.
Shout out to our new followers!
sorry ill edxplain everything monday
Thanks for the GC recommendations. Nom nom is right!
GOP Council of State candidates or their supporters: give me 140 characters on why I should vote for you. No cliches.
Love the NFL safety evolution commercial. Can anybody say...lawsuit pending?
idk i'll let you know(:
You have to choose your family. We choose you.
Well, you do say it's "sometimes maddeningly ignorant." So maybe it's like a love letter from a husband of 50 yrs? ;)
If you were talking about San Antonio, or if Dallas was playing like champions, you might have an argument.
Excellent! And naturally, I replied to yr tweet before I read the post in full. The way of Twitter. :-)
It takes 2 to f.ck ... So instead of checking the other chick you really needa be checking the nigga
well said John!!!!
Just In Case You Didnt Know... Yes That Last Tweet Was Sarcastic p:
The best part is they may still go with Davey winning & further agitate people who paid for this instead of switching it.
Getting acne on my lobes. < 😡
yea I was scared to go short now I want shorter lol
First day as the flow team lead. Can't wait to see who all that are going to attempt to challenge me.
No doubt. You wish you were here.
I still think this is a pretty good team. Just not a good team at the moment.
#Avengers tickets bought!
Recruiters from looking forward to #UWM & #MSOE career fairs October 6th & 7th. We will see you all there!
Congrats to Jessica Simpson who gave birth today to a healthy baby girl, Maxwell Drew. I guess she really wanted a boy.
Done Djing @ spectrum now time to go home and rest a lol before Rumi lounge tonight!
I like your style.
ok goodie Friday it is. Sends text
I'm so fuckin scared right now :'(
Jus put in another days work as the shotking
Thanks for the RTs, mentions!
Miller Park just turned into Sotto
Trust the instinct
I hope it doesn't rain at the beach !!!!
thats weird. now u gon have me thinking bout u wen i drink grape juice..
oh is that all :) every day, I long to worship
Why does it give me anxiety when my truck is a mess? Is anyone else like this??
your kidding me right?.....-_-
lets go to the strip club !!!
Stains on the carpet and stains on the memory You with photographs pictues of trickery
I've forgotten about Lesnar, if it happens it happens, if it doesn't oh well.
Relaxing evening after this week's burn out - MST3K movies and documentaries from Netflix.
New agent. New union status. New year on it's way!
sometimes you've just have to make sacrifices
How do you veiw others? Check out: todays minute - - “A Minute with Maxwell” Free Daily Coaching: www.johnmaxwellteam.com
This is the best baseball matchup ESPN has had in a long time. Too bad I'm going to have to change it at 8 for Desperate Housewives
If you are struggling with the grammar concepts, please see me asap! It gets more difficult from here.
Something's gotta give bud, we are still in the "not farting in front of stage" when I get dropped off its like a jet engine
haha! lol, yeah but i dnt need 60k i got my DJs helping me but they like to do it for free!
Ditto-- Thanks for the tweet!
you rock grandymangFTW14 I'm so ready to go to a Yankee game, especially with @ you guys, 4 real... Yankee baseball baby
Yeah... I just saw that on a US update twitter... Well, we'll just have to hear what the news is tomorrow!
Tertullian was okay until he wasn't.
To win you must also be a Fan on Facebook! Facebook.com/ChristmasEverydayClothing. Like us now!
Smh black folks no thay can lie
I'll be there. Hopefully there'll be decent cell coverage this time.
Guess what boys and girls! Vocal bleed on live vocals means no vocal tuning on this album. At least can sing.
Fashion is about good energy. It's about feelings. That's what I have to give the people, good energy and good feelings.
Official #CampaignTweeting for
Some ppl think attending the Inaug sounds grim. As says, is not deterred. We don't like port-a-potties anyway.
inquired about lunch delivery "actually we didn't see it on the computer screen, we'll give you a gift certificate or something" umthanks
Wow I'm lovin these Griffin KIA Optima commercials. The commercials make me want to get the car.
all pussy aint good pussy
thanks for not geeking out on us! Love macroscopes
Happy Cinco De Mayo #pdx ! Have another Corona for me.
we did not auto renew subscriptions this year..if you want to renew you will need to do so yourself
Right now is the time to buy any of the cap/rotor sets that we have both online and off. They will be going up in price soon.
It's race week! Weather will be perfect. Have YOU signed up yet?!?
... so are the anti-Obama ladies going to be out all summer with their little Hitler Obamas? This is going to be a long election year...
& make a beautiful couple watching
3: Never remove content, no matter how hard. #sxswi #commcenter Only removed racist comments.
Wow, wesley used the dogs shampoo! Ha.
i cant either! :)
Hey come get on dis train wit willow Brittany
another thing, when or if i get a bf, i need a guy who is like me, goofy,funny,laid back,down to earth, and of course cares for me and DGAF
I think I'm the funniest person I know.
OK, I've shared my favorite styles with the world. Let me know what you think!
another reason parents shouldn't follow their children on twitter.
Return of the HIT SQUAD show feb 24th NYC best buy theater!!!!
Will watch #NCAA Kentucky-Kansas at Grevey's in Falls Chutch on Monday night.
Top Mobile Apps For Your Next Road Trip - car radios
RT : "I don't care much for apologies." #housemd Admissions comes before apologies, which makes a huge difference in accepting...
Never give up on your dreams even when challenges seem impossible to do, always have faith in what you believe in.
I wonder if Krabby Patties are better than burgers on land..
my uncle brought Tory talking ass over here. -_-
Ok, done, Followback:)
A week and a half of school left. I GIVE UP.
Polls have found, though, that on some issues black evangelicals and white ones take opposite positions.
I just discovered your show, now I'm having more vitamins and trying to be wheat free... Keep working hard, you're doing great!
I is not gonna walk with u in dat.
reports VAW act to be debated this week.
Do Tarantulas Shoot Spidey Silk? Clues suggest the arachnids can shoot silk from their feet, but some scientists argue it's not true.
hi stranger.
This game...wow.
my pleasure! Great inspiration! : Thank you for RTing the Nest tweet! xox
Laughter is the best medicine :)
WIsh there was a practical way to practice hand shaking online! - #careerchat"
About to go on to promote solar energy systems. Our goal is 50 throughout District 8 for low-income homeowners.
u just not used to this new technology
Today is Monday day one of training I know I'm actor and comedian but I got a passion to box u only live once
w00t! Well deserved!
You picked us up over a year ago - I think we're overdue for a repeat. Name the date for a tasting! .
PLEASE say more about this Diane.
Yo philly everyone that gets the ball they shoot smh no passing or nothing!!!
Just trying to sort out my life.
If you like #Downtonabbey rent Upstairs Downstairs and/ or The Duchess of Duke Street.
Hey followers: Follow - New Twitter member
missed it :(
UFC fight night tonight!! drink specials all night long!!
Polar bear tacos in the HOUSE! cc: and
I don't know -- I can scan a blog. Can't do that with a podcast.
RT No disrespect to the movie, but i think we got enough women thinking like men. "YUP and acting like men too! SMH"
he thought you paid a fee for the card and the books. I guess I should be grateful he at least realized you can borrow books?
I use Twitter to try and keep up on what's going on in the bowling space, but it gets hard to muddle through the noise.
Wonderful, thank you! I'll send you an email shortly from my SI address.
Many people we're hidden in the mall. M, I would say not exactly, but hey, we have a huge parking lot for you to feel comfortable.
Huntsman: Young people most likely to identify as unaffiliated
you have a motorcycle?
I'm totally blanking! Did you see "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World"?
I'm digging your photos. Looking forward to Cing U at NoKill Conf. Bringing 2 co-workers w/me. Keep fighting the good fight!
schools climate denier in audience. Climate change is the infringement on civili liberties, not the govt regs to reduce GHGs.
Laurie Berman makes a great point in her quote at the end.
Exit Row
my mom just gave 's brother a tour of my room and said that he was her new friend. omg
State Attorney now explaining #hazing law. "This is a homicide by hazing." 13 people to be charged.
Just got through watching #Abducted for the first time and that is a great movie.
Perfect! I'll power nap on the plane
scrapple is not just for old people, ya know!?!? *<||;-)
With our UPass special, even starving students can eat! Just $5.95 for a one topping pizza and 16 oz drink w/your UPass.
thank u! ...And thanks for the follow back.:)
Oh I figured lmao.. but yeahh I work at Golden Coral now -_- I hate that shit already but I need that Money lol
trying to figure out skype or whatever the f its called
austin gettin sexier? i dont think it is possible he's already unbelievably sexy i think id die if he got sexier
My wife gives me plenty of lotion. No Ashy Terry here.
If he does not resign, the rc church will eventually implode, Irl is now a post rc society.
I miss Saturday morning cartoons.
I don't know where I stand with you. And I don't know what I mean to you. All I know is every time I think of you, I want to be with you.
When John Edwards said there were two Americas, he meant one where he was having sex constantly and the other one.
Congratulations to Prince Amukamara going to New York Giants!
Three minutes and counting
It makes me a little sad that the days of swapping CDs is over. WONT SOMEONE THINK OF THE LINER NOTES & ALBUM DESIGN.
I run at 2;30, 3:00 am. Especially 15-20 milers. Have had heat exhaustion a few times
Thanks to for the follow! Great to have you along.
Los Alamos fire chief confident WIPP-bound waste barrels will not burn; they'll tackle any spot fires nearby "immediately"
Will you be livetweeting from tonight's #TechStartupWorld #Miami event, hosted by here in our shared space? Let us know!
Never saw much resemblance between Charlie Sheen and Emilio Estevez, but seeing their dad in "Apocalypse Now" I totally see it
I'm all alone and I need you now
ik u do xP nobody wants to screw up image we love her
i thought it was good. watch it and let me know what u think
hey, any excuse for a party!
January 21, 2012. The day college football died.
I hope you got one of those shirts for yourself.
No right way to find a statute--legal databases, im a friend, library, google. v. memorable slide of fake im session.
I'm excited for you although I can't go, I'll always be here to support you. Love you Austin :D
Desire is the beginning of all achievement ~ W. Clement
Good night everyone :-O
We appreciate our generous donors. But we also appreciate our smaller donations as well.
Always willing to give a little something back to my community.
Cracked an egg on the Promenade just now and within minutes was arrested for littering.
2012 Volkswagen Golf R: First Drive - Motor Authority
"Is this an illuminated dream"
So #inspired today! Embrace the good people in your life. bout to rock #Mesa #Bootcamp & hit chest/tris/abs! #fitness Be kind to each other
arre that's what i'm wearing! but it hurts when the cloth touches it!
No shipping? Even after two days? Daaaaannng... -K
#TEAMALMIGHTY He great !!!!!!!
Is it sad that I'm excited about Lisa Loeb being at ALA's Midwinter Meeting? And yes, I do realize its not 1994 anymore ;)
Sounds cool.
Thatz good eating;)
Thank you so much!!
The Yolanda Adam's Morning Show co-host will be on the show live today at 11AM CST on
Interesting q! Audience is one directional; sm community is multidirectional. Sm communities both listen and speak
RT “: On '180' - Living With Calling & Mission w , and "Getting Unstuck" w 3-5pmCT ”
Venture Capital Draft: Hot Prospects, Part II
I am missing you! RT “: I am thriving at cafe gratitude by myself :[”
Billionaire boys club varsity jacket >
Scratch that. Today is an all Beastie Boys day. RIP MCA.
people that are only interested in swimming during the olympics aren't true fans of the sport
Another gorgeous day! Lots of positive news in the air! Everything I see or read all points toward moving forward and going after ur dreams
What? Does Canada have King's Dominion? I'm confused. haha
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Don't think you're safe from a cracked windshield because cold weather is gone. Hot weather also causes chips to crack out.
here, workin til close, first time back since august! come say hi!
Just Gotta New number, text me if you need it.
It Was..Okayy! lmao Nahh But I Had A Good Time. Met A Lot Of Amazing People. It Was Good, & Thank You.
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups. (e.g. Federal Government, European Union)
CCM&E names Hartley Adkins has EVP of Ops for the mid-majors, and CC/Philly Market Manager John Rohm is now SVP of Ops, Southeast.
And so it begins... A great day for watching football
As always, #hbrchat is THE fastest hour of the week.
Damn,Glad January is Almost Ending.February is rite around the corner hahaaa.Den Dat Means Wen February comes couple weeks after Ill be 21 .
ShoutBack to the Best Pro Breakdancer (& Boom Mic Operator) ;D 4 our RT: : S/O to the best deli place in sacramento
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love>3 xox.4
Adding Salvation Mountain to my bucket list.
I might prefer the spanking....
replace "goldfish" with "humans" and i'm right there with ya
So tired.
Hey Luke where is the mullet from 1987.That reminded me of Motley Crue way back then.lol
wassup to my new follower.. lol W.O.R.D.
Seriously, if your commercial is severely louder than the show that i'm watching, I am NEVER buying your product. Ooh, a dog snuggie!? SOLD!
Shoot me your email address, I will send you the info. RT I need your rates for a photoshoot.
Speaking of Oolong -- we're getting some 15 yr aged Oolong in later this week. Should be great!
I cried!!!! I miss the scruffy James!!! :( Wade so mad at you!!
Also, you should email me ur add so, I can send u this SUPER special thing I have for you for your approaching special day
Good morning, Baltimore!
Spent a couple of days with the on the bus tour this weekend. Great crowds!!! Nov. 8 should be a good day
Its funny what life brings you and the people that comes into your life!!
feel better!!! we'll have some hot tea ready for you!
Dang I was going to tease you about that last one. xD
ANT meets WendyO?
Fine tune your skills. Work on your craft every day. Work on different aspects of singing - technique, rhythm, improvising and phrasing.
God is a funny guy!
waiting....waiting.....
So what are you doing with the countries?
RT : #LiNC Welcome Reception is beginning in 15 min. Join us on the Pacific Terrace from 6-9pm -see you there!
RT TR_Problems: What would have happened if I turned left?
It's really gloomy in LA today! Hopefully you'll bring the sunshine.
wasn't that great either. :(. But now I'm off to the planetarium :)
Energy and persistence conquer all things. - Benjamin Franklin
getting my workout done before my "tanning session." So far so good!
Busy busy day... Off to my next meeting. I hope everyone shows up on time. I have a 6pm/8pm/and a final 9:30pm meeting to close out the day.
Need to get my #prom ticket
Not going to vote for Newt but no question Juli Weiner is snarky and a member of Obama's Palace Guard.
Tonight on Pittsburgh Foundation Performance in Pittsburgh: Duquesne's Voices of Spirit, Sara Botkin w/Chatham Baroque, Previn & the PSO!
That Is Lovely Sometimes Its The Complete Opposite ...
Im having fun with iris, she kicks siri's ass
well no one would leave you standing! Faulkner, Hemingway, Thoreau, Rumi, and contemporaries here. :)
Do You Actively Root Against The Miami Heat? When Lebron James and Chris Bosh were first welcomed into Miami, they, along with Dwyane Wad
It is quite the stanley steemer in Chicago lately...
Sick enough that I just rebooked a trip. Ugh. Denver early next week instead.
Let's address issues in our own communities, in our own neighborhoods, in our own country. THANK YOU!.
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
Divorce. RT Gross. I just shazamed a song by Train.
OMG you are right on that! lol
Impact factor: optimized for hard sciences & english, can be over/misused, not good for practitioner based articles
": Folks be thinking they too good to follow back, bitch you can be unfollowed!"
The people did seem to like it. RT : Is there anyway you can keep that, maybe as a plugin?
Thats hard to go to when I'm the star ;) Im not doing any shows today hehe
I hate when a bih lie on twitter. The shit makes my skin crawl!
Seriously? and acted like grown ups?!
hey, who's at Justin Moore? i'm on of you now
but I care!!!! Can't I be enough for once? You can't leave me..
ok good cause i miss you!
Organize your things to reduce clutter & prioritize your life. Living in a higher quality environment can have a positive effect
I had a dream about Miss Allen last night...
i hope you have a great day today !!!!
You should try and predict the future. "Check out the freak thunder storms!" or "Yay Team X won by one million points!"
Fuck yeah, #Kings win!!!!
"catch you on the flip side." -Rocco
No idea -- we'll have to ask!
it's not jay wavey stew no more lol
"Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?" (William Shakespeare)
Raptors sure are Griffin this game away right now.
Walter d was playin that old school mix. Made me wanna hop on that San Andreas game.
Obsessing over someone really cute that you don't even know at the store
Good morning #Philly hope everyone still has a great day in spite of the rain!
All Kentucky fans own peacocks
We should trend
This Friday at #Notte we are Honoring all upcoming College Graduates w/ Free entry and Drink specials ALL NIGHT
I hope the photo of George Zimmerman that's all over the news isn't his Match profile pic. It's so unflattering.
If anyone wants to follow us personally, follow or convince to start using Twitter.
THE MIGHTY COMBINATION OF KRILL, SKILL, AND THE LETTER X!
lol good.oh and also ihateit someone texts you then you don't reply instantly so they decide once you text back you get no reply
No thanks, but nice try RT : follow for Clemens trial gold
Review: Lensbaby Makes Tilt Shift Simple (and Affordable)
did some things you cant speak of but at night you live it all again </3
. Assoc of Rehabilitation Nurses President and Pres-elect Michelle Camicia just had a great mtg w/ your staff. TY
What feature can you not live without on your cell phone?
One of these years I am going to run the Flying Pig. For real.
Good Reminder!!! RT If you can, text the word REDCROSS to 90999 to donate $10 to Japan’s emergency relief, a little goes a long way.
you crazy runner girl, you! rock it!
wow! just used #TOOTHPASTE to get #PERMANENT #MARKER off my mom's wood table! now who in the heck would have thought of that?
Fixed Operations Director - The Ewald Automotive Group is creating a new position! The individual we seek will have multiple years experi…
im good... expecting my first child
she's not what
I feel sick and its my birthday :( worst day ever!
VEROniCUN will lie for me 2! sHE hateS that NOrma & wants me there as a BLOCKer. She don't REALLY for REALS like me it politics!
yup she loves us <3
Celebrate the Indianapolis Recorder on September 25th from 3:30-5:30 at the Cook Theater-Indiana Landmarks. Join us!
Those are awesome! Sports should be that glittery!! Playing the glam way! :)
Great venue, fantastic turnout and amazing food! What more can you ask for in an Oysterfest?!
band practice tomorrow. Thank god! I've missed practice, I'm excited
Just found out I could buy a killer whale submarine for $100,000. Gotta get some money together.
yes, that would be weird.
Hey I just wanted to say there's a snake in my boot
Good for you !!
me and school are not friends right now .
Whoever it is that makes the mannequins for clothing stores needs to stop adding those extra "perks" on the female bodies.
Who got game? Former Horn Avery Bradley scores 19 in 34 minutes off the bench. Ray Allen just 5 in 35.
love! Thanks, Kate! Lot of great peeps in that room today!
NP! Have a great day!
Finally got to meet the today<3 I love them so muchh
Cutee la you ^^
Watching a crazy movie...
SMH... Finna take my ass back to sleep.
get more!!
What's with all the kitty cat photos on Facebook lately? I mean, I like cats and all, but, really?
Varmus #Berlin9: Shorter form of publications also needed, Currents, & a "market place" from the methods section (buy this reagent)
*not making the case
are you going?
Thank you so much! And have a wonderful holiday with your husband and little QT with the curls!
Thank you!! :) I'm honored!
Football is just a game, but the people who teach you the game for the first time are unforgettable. God bless you Coach Jimbo. R.I.P.
would u Eva go on a date wit me?
Get on with it already!!!
Class may not be gettin out early but darn if I'm staying the whole time.
Go follow her my friends.
Ok, this is my very first tweet- somebody out there may care what I'm doing!
it's ok I'm gonna go cry now por que soy bien feo lol
#thatmomentwhen you smile because you are thinking about that one person, and they smile because they are seeing you smile<3
LeBron doing a very good job on Danny Granger...
Tomorrow is our #GrabNGo special, a beautiful hand-tied bouquet for only $14.99. How can you beat that?!
“: So you all have OKC beating the Spurs?” N. O.
#2. Your perfectness is well, perfect.
I back this plan
What a cute idea! It would also make pretty Thanksgiving treat bags
Don't forget, we'll be closed like most government facilities for President's Day on Mon. Feb 20, 2012.
Some favorites this week:
Minnesota Legislature: TV, Web to provide full end-of-session coverage
To a pop A&R, the 2012 equivalent of "If, I, Should Stay" - Is the opening piano bars of Adele's "S'one Like You" must hear it 3 times a day
That's exactly what I ended up getting! I make people jealous with my superlong battery life!
Looking forward to reception with tonight. Of the many programs my dad created, he said he was proudest of Legal Services.
Almost time for Boot Camp! Getting a good Pre-Workout meal in so I can Work Out with you guys!
We will be on Check please this Friday! Make sure to tune in and check us out..
Everyday - Tender 8oz NY strip steak, made to order and served w/ french fries, Texas toast, side salad and choice of dressing. $9.95 RT
Yep, totally the same way!!! lol
I just want to say I put that Gosling image in our Bathroom Reader and I regret it.
Kevin Durant can't be stoped Harden or Ibaka
My medical bill are outrageous and then those damn teaparty nutbags threaten the lives of those trying to fix it!
I've accepted what is out of my control.
Wow I'm #TeamAlton but I think #TeamGiada had a good presentation!
As a devotee of Joseph Campbell, I am now following on Twitter.
your account has been hacked.
I don't like you, so don't expect me to pretend i do.
DC: the school chancellor debates, stay or go? Let me resolve it for her. Hit the road Jackie Chan!
Hoping to get a weekly column talking all things BBQ.
love a three day work week! I think a little more of this in all of our lives and things may just go a little smoother.
Merry Xmas and happy holidays from us here at Seductive Society....
I learned not to get my hopes up anymore either.
Not yet Silkk...
Paranormal??? Love it when I hear glass shattering in my house and I go investigate the noise and nothing is amiss.
Seems the Twitter theme of the day is #Health. Let us pursue the good kind. #Mind, #Body, and
if I have Foster, who do I need to pick up, Slaton or Ward?
aww that's no fun :(
yes ma'am!
Hop Happy is coming off the bottling line today!
When is the last time someone got a roll of film developed? Lmao
I Was Watching Your Old Videos And I Was Like Aw How Cute Then I Watched You Newest One And I Said Dammmmnnn <33333
#raw10 I dont curse, I do cuss. 2 diff things. Cuss is bad words. Curse is a spell, like eating spaghetti from a stranger, dont c u n 5 yrs
maybe his opinion is based on all of his mistresses! He is sadly misinforming!
so the company that tells everyone how they're trying to "hip up" the Buick line doesn't see value. wow.
“: Youre a tool” don't talk about yourself like that
SUCCESS! MADE RED VEILVIT CHEESE CAKE COOKIES!! <3 yuummmm
was everyone really participating? Sure looked like it on TV
There is still time to meet the Ranchers. Come in down.
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? <3
I so appreciate you letting me know. Definitely interested. Let me see if I can move some things around.
Someone on Facebook claims there you! Whats your real facebook?
Aw, thanks! Glad to hear things are going well. Single-source content woot woot!
What age group do u teach?
thank you! some friends of mine just toured Australia recently and made me jealous, do I'd like to someday!
Good Morning!
A man in love is like a clipped coupon - it's time to cash in.
Great quote, and it is very true!
idk ahaha where you guys going to sleep at ?
Such a lost cause
Ladies: Don’t worry if you’re single. God is looking at you right now saying, “I’m saving this woman for someone special.”
Aha! A successful trial DNS change means a launch is now just around the corner! Still a little bit of work to be done to finish up...
Life always has speed bumps but NOTHING will stop us from completing our dreams and the fire from our passion is stronger then ever!!
I'm so anxious about tomorrow that I can't even sleep.. awesome.
Vision without action is simply hallucination. Action without vision is randon activity. What's your day going to be like? Brad Hager
wow. Good god she's clueless.
So what do you like best about the renovated Thompson Library? Let us know?
Those brownies were delicious!
Cannot wait to see everyone's Halloween costumes this weekend ! We've already seen some real crazy stuff. Be safe out there !
Awesome finally meeting u in person! RT : Great time on today talking with about the International...
"The most imp. practice in the world is the one u actually do." RickHanson, on choosing the "right" spiritual practice.
Do Western Unions exist anymore?
with the new pool at home almost done, thinking an OC reunion is in order to break it in?
Back to pulmonary rehab
Today is that day, treat it that way
Does anyone else think Musburger had the Horns and the points vs Kansas? He seemed really excited about J'covan's garbage time drive.
hurry hurry it's so much fun!
159-3 should still get us home field
truth “: The brilliance of MLB.TV on devices makes the absolute failure that is NBA League Pass that much more obvious.”
oh yeah way too sweet
not really
You know a prescription drug is fucked up if one of the side effects are thoughts of genocide
IT'S MARVELOUS
Thx for sponsoring lunch for #YPWeek event today - so yummy!!! -CarolV, IF Twittrer
Aww thats too bad :( i feel so bad :( poor her !!
that would be pretty fun but I am not going to be in attendance to see Rey drop the 619 on someone.
chill dude. I thought we were joking. I really didn't mean it lol.
Spending time with my sister & her sister:D >>>
re: your hair in the opening credits - anyone our age can remember wearing our hair exactly like that :)
you better 😁
Followed! I love All Time Low too!! ;D
hahah sorry about my crabs !!
good night! sleep well
Long night.. Off to bed!
Classic Clippers.
yeah I do that enough for all of us. Xoxoxoxoxo
Setting up for practice tonight :) we wish the whole tribe could be here to hang with us <3 and our Ben is being extremely missed right now.
Things Brad and I thought about saying to him after included: IS OVER!
Round 8 billion people in the world but I only want her and I can't even have her..... YET!
In this case, when it's a beautiful Friday afternoon and I need to get some work done but enjoy doing it, all three are required.
link to the #PhxNsh preview?
Took in a double feature ..thought SLEEPING BEAUTY was ok but loved THE SKIN I LIVE IN
The last time Dwight Howard had single-digit pts / rebs plus 5 PFs + 5 to's in one gm: Jan 2007.
time for a Daniwich?
with my kids @ airport - headed to Hawaii for spring break!
you are always so balls-to-the-walls accurate with your tweets man - that was excellent.
Big Things brewing over here at the wave labs
Great pass to Asik
Lewis: All these very educated Icelanders have 2 options, trawler fishing or aluminum smelting. Enter investment banking.
I can't even watch the #Arsenal match but I know that it's about time RvP comes off. Don't tempt fate, Wenger.
walmart bike! led lights! giant moist wipes! value pack of socks! tomorrow, haight st. outfits! preparing for the man.
what happened to "Jump to the top" in Tweetcaster?
vinyl hours radio on now. AoTW by Tycho
from da song! girl says what that !!
At the 10th Annual Craig Noel Awards for Excellence in San Diego Theater! Will tweet the Old Globe winners!
Y U NO COME TO MY ST. MARKS READING THIS MONDAY 5/14
congrats frm me too RT : Congrats on getting your new CBS pilot Vegas picked up to series!
lol! now following.....follow back.
Thank you HeartBroken!
I bet Ron Washington's cocaine buddies hated him. Have you seen the nose on that fucker?
2 Polaroid employees' activism started intense pressure on Polaroid- 1977 Polaroid divests -
Happy Birthday I am with you and will be in the next election! Cheers!
Follow back my nigga
Which app addiction are you trying to kick? #DrawSomething, #WordsWithFriends, or #TempleRun?
Really,Pedro? 2 hits and 2 runs batted in? Keep on rollin.
Some nifty news - Builda the Re-Bicycler for the iPad comes out April 20th (my birthday). And for the 1st 24hrs, it will be FREE.
Smile, happy looks good on you. (:
Went to the beach today.
I need someone to work with in the weight room during the summer R/T if you wanna work with me.
wh was your last kiss?
Always! : WebVocalCoach awesome to meet another in the singing arena!
the mord sith costume were so good they were real tight leather
If Mila Kunis is going to play Meg on Family Guy, I think they could've at least made her attractive.
A most excellent idea! I shall take a journey to the freezer. I made some homemade lime ice cream.
well, I'm jealous :/ good for you
I wonder if being a ninja would pay well.
I am craving cereal!!!
S/O to Cleveland! Am I right?
S/o to for being my fav people of the night :)
You know we just don't talk like we used to. I'm still waiting to go shoe shopping with & tell hi 4 me
here I am! Sprint sucks in SD.
RT "2 types of ppl; energy takers & energy givers. U need 2 be an energy giver n associate with energy givers 2 be successful."
Awesome thanks for the love!
loved your piece in the isthmus on 50 days - i am totally with you. life changing.
Game Day Tomorrow! 😊👍🏀 #Game1 #Round2 Spurs Vs. Clippers ^-^
You're welcome.
Thank you so much for the shoutout!!! ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥Bretana♥
Dear 1D, I'm so sorry I cannot meet you beautiful people in 2 weeks. Forgive me?
Thanks, Kelly! I am pumped about this!
Yes sir - check out
Can you come to school with me tomorrow and tell the guys that?? (:
enjoy the cookies! Happy Holidays and we look forward to working with you next year!
I think Troyzan should have won the #playeroftheseason on
My Heart Is Not A Toy, If You Want it, Then Respect It....
Fighting a lion is on my bucket list but I should probably make it the last thing
And my heart caves in when I look at you
how can we book you for some stand up?
I have been begging for answers that you, and only you can give to me.
Hilarious. Maybe there should be a book called Tiger Dad.
How's everyone enjoying their Friday? Anyone #Bowling tonight?
Test Kitchen tips: Cherimoya
Do u have a map? Because I keep getting lost in your eyes
you did great!
Missed my flight to #cwcon due to traffic jam and 1h late bus in Pittsburgh. Flying out early tomorrow instead. :/
So glad to read you loved the crab cakes! Thank you for coming in!
I can't look at following anymore.. Im surprised is still following me. Hm
Awesome show last night! Big thanks to Gang Age and Newspaper Taxis for great performances.
Congratulations! Welcome to the team - very excited for you to join us!
when you want to bro?
did my uecker sound ok
I walked that whole room trying to find u after, but u left early - I even asked people near u if they saw which way you went
At the Sheraton lobby bar (in Phoenix to give keynote tomorrow morn). Join me now for a beverage and library talk?
Peanut Butter and Jelly Crepe >>>>
Don't stop me now I'm havin such a good time I'm havin a ball
RT : You probably just need to use more lube. RT blue M&Ms just don't feel right to me.
Exactly 1 week later. Watching the Sound FX from Super Bowl (dvr'd it until I was ready). not. quite. ready. yet.
Not as drunk as my boss. Silver Peak holiday party.
RT : You mean *men “ Y DO WOMEN LIE ABOUT SIMPLE SHIT?”
Oh, yes! That next Mission Impossible is definitely going to be hot!
Steve Blake with the closer baby!! LA all day!
Colombian Links
We Will Even Bring our songs and flags to youre home games!
Starting my day with Boy Meets World again :)
Happy New Year to all our customers & followers. Thanks for your business in 2011. Cheers to 2012!
Had a meeting about a reading of my collection of short plays!
Got my pro tools 9 set up....lets get mixin
Why did I just text you?!
This time I'm writing out the plan in them, carving it on the lining of their hearts. - hebrews
LOVE IT LOLL
Megan is missing freakiest movie ever
Congrats to both men's and women's basketball teams on their first round win yesterday. 1 down 2 to go. Go Aztecs!!!
Has anyone ever sent an entire bullpen to A before?
Hey Twitter . -*
I am so excited about this NEW venture... remember #TWEEPS network,network, and network some more!
It only took me a few minutes to decorate!!!
So far, Grimrock looks like just the game I was hoping for!
Thanks for the RT!
Great day at the nbm show!
i dont think so
but neither here nor there.....it's always 4:20.
RT : Indefinite suspension for Torres fair, provided (this) means mid-Oct. Hit so egregious Goodell wants to fine on principle
What an awesome workout! So glad I have there, motivating me!
I dont know how long I'm going to survive in school....stressed
shit! I forgot about that xc
also sarah palin is a fucking clown
Jc is wrong. Dang boy.
Feb 29th #AfricanTakeOverDay ! Africans all over the country will wear their traditional wear to class. Represent!
yes!! I miss u too! I was just showing my friend Backstabbers and
Take Nolte! Take Nolte! Okay.. first time all evening I thought Billy Crystal was funny...
If I had a gun, I'd shoot a hole into the sun, and love would burn this city down for you... -If I Had A Gun, Noel Gallagher
What really makes a house dope?
Republicans still love their teleprompter jokes.
Did I mention I have the best crew ever? It s true and they are ready to bring you a great show tomorrow night!
Questions about short sales? Give us a call on the air at AM 580 WDBO at 1800-329-5858.
haha yea man I'm just tlkin
You are welcome. It's a pleasure.
Glad you could make it tonight - it was a great night for a run, wasn't it?
Revenge of the Nerds is still just as fun as when I first saw it
Advocates Thelma & Girija are talking about research participation at a booth at the #Parkinson's walk
Deals of a lifetime at www.allsportsshopping.com. UGGS available at a discount price.
I love how you say that with your boyfriend tagged in it. Lmao. But leave it up to me we'll find him
To support my beloved Sounders all the way to the MLS Cup My soccer resolution in 2012 is ______________.
our weekend was still better... :)
I watched you change, what hurt the most though is I could've been there to stop it...
Business professor: "If your technology isn't working for you, physically threaten your computer and your problem should be solved"
Watching The Green Hornet!!!! Awesome Movie!!!!!
thanks for the follow ... just in time for my birthday!
I laughed WAY too hard at this hahahaha
what color should i paint my nails?
thanks for the support!
I can't do this anymore.
Today is Regular deadline. 5/18 is Late Deadline. bc you are an Alum 50% off. Can't wait to see what you submit. Always great!
J&B will have to suffice.
So many amazing shows yesterday #mmw. at Armani Exchange , showcase at Tantra. What is everyone getting into today?
i had to learn this from : "The largest eggs in the world are laid by a shark.” What's up?
you're amazing! That is huge. Can't wait to watch :)
your a boss
it gotta be three woops!! Lls
thank you!
"Jesus answered,Verily,verily,Isayunto thee,Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdomofGod."John 3:5
miss you too<3
It's a type of night goin to be chilling wit my luv at come have some fun wit us :)
do you think I'm sexy ?
U don't have to be rich or have a contract to follow ur dreams I defy that person that sausage no
True, especially really timely steals.
i know way too many fakers, two is way more then enough
Going horseback riding :)
I see a guy prancing across the finish line as he wins a race.
Make sure you guys tell All Your Friends To follow me #TeamFolllow Back
SHIT I MESSED UP MY COUNTING NOW IM AT 1001shit o well made it past 1K now time to start working
I texted you back!
Yup, that's it. Show what hypocrites are.
I'm so tired and Facebook isn't helping.
Sent out first proposal to our first choice of director's for BEIRUT. Will hear back early next week!!!
I want a Cherry Vodka Sour...like NOW! but i guess i have to wait til later on tonight.
insights about our hmong, chicano, african american students...i'm trying to read & learn more to create a space for stu +
How does your motion on your affected shoulder compare to the opposite when reaching behind your back? Significantly decreased?
#sadface 4 us 2. RT: You know what #Beertown is? Awesome. Know what else? Sold out. And now you're stuck at home. Alone.
Miami mobile app dev MOBIUS has launched greeting card app. Lot's cheaper than Hallmark, etc. Go to www.mobiuscards.com to try it out FREE
just did
I could care less about math & conics right now. like
Thanks for the retweet!
I believe some people in this business suffer from fame because they behave in a famous fashion. Stephen Rea
Never thought I'd be driving listening to AM790
Rights & Copyright around open data was a big discussion at
Who won the election????
1 for my God, 1 for my family, and 1 for my love... crossing fingers for the best
"It is better to conquer yourself, than to win a thousand battles" Buddha
Something to do with the equinox, I think?
uh. I don't know. it's in my car trunk right now.
I appreciate all followers thank you very much
Cinco De Breezy.
another picture war...?
... a hello goodbye type
So this morning clowned me at the golf course on live TV. I need redemption. What should be our next competition?
On my way to King of Pressia Mall in PA...Coming home today.
Lady Antebellum! At last.
omg Belz marry me
RT : Happy I got to meet & & Kate Quinn today. Had so much fun at Sex, Lies, History talk!
UHM I'M SEEING THE MAINE TOMORROW
"Dukes of Hazzard" Party featuring Kelbe as Daisy Duke! Complimentary hot dogs, corndogs and coleslaw and free Cherry Moonshine shooters
hahaha Jesus. He wasn't throwin any back with us?
Overslept this morning. Let me take my ass to work! Lol. Luckily for me I don't work for petty mf's ;)
I've decided. I want a Range Rover.
Hi sweetie! So happy to see you here on Twitter. <3
TOO FUCKING DANDY.
I will try not to steal your lunch money. #undergrad :-)
Ditto! RT : Holidays ... created to catch up on marking I suspect. Hoping to get a bunch of reading done as well.
Would love opinions on the sites with the best #customerservice though I hope we are one, we can always improve.
Thx! It's baby #2. Hoping friends & fam don't think, "Eh, she's done this before & doesn't need any help/taco boxes this time."
lol just read my mentions
New York should be embarrassed by the lack of effort in this final quarter.
this kid needs some help.
This is the one, Nick. #orioles (-:
“: What I miss most: Being a little kid with no stress, worries, or care in the world.” Very true... Some days more than others
Are ppl really trippin on 10 sec clip w/ the crooks shirt?!!! Plz pray that God gives u a life.
It is a man's own mind - not his enemy or his foe that lures him into evil ways.
◊ LOVE IT.
Good luck to the New Mexico Lobos and the NM State Aggies today! Show 'em a thing or two about New Mexico basketball!
Who wants to win blazer tickets for 3/29?
Damn shame to see Shaq doing commercials for Buick. When Kobe retires, I don't think he will be doing adds for Toyota
My wife is a very obsessive cleaner who hates her job. I came up with the perfect Christmas gift for her. I shopping for a laundromat!
Nice win for the #Bruins! Losing streaks are never fun. Just ask the Sox.
Good first round
“God entrusts to you his care of the young.”
Anybody wanna smoke some j's today? My treat
Follow me please. I really need your help. Pretty please with a cherry on top. Make my bff's dreams come true.
thanks for the follow -see you at the event!
There is that.
and you will! Goodluck, 'the world will be watching' #hungergames lol
Not even upset that I will get no sleep tonight due to and collaboration.
A moving single-lane closure EB Beltline from Fish Hatchery Rd. to I-39/90 from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m. for emergency maintenance work.
Jetrho proudly adds Levi Brown to our Jr. Pro Staff. Congratulations to Levi and Roger - 31 + #' and 2nd in Accent Classic! Way to go Levi !
versteeg and clarkson
Take control of your own destiny in 2012 my twitter peeps.....
neva could I 4get u I just took u off my mind so much it helped me" whatever if wud b nice 2 hear u voice every once n while
I miss living downtown and seeing my friends whenever I wanted, but I must admit... I'm so happy with the way things are right now.
My favorite local band on 88.9FM at 7pm! Tune in to hear the future of music!!!
Yes virtually, “: Boarding flight to Dulles. Anyone coming to Enterprise Learning Summit in Alexandria this week?”
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from the staff at Radel Wood Products!
Blazers look great tonight. Conflict for me Friday when blazers face suns? You know it!
I've voted like every hour. You deserve it. (:
they definitely work better for some languages than others. I think it suits Smalltalk (and Lisp in the case of Light Table)
congrats! to the Indpls Symphonic Choir RT: “: We loved performing halftime show w/ Madonna"
And if you want 5,000 tweets of recommendation, ask Mechanical Turk.
Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction
by all means… just need someone to help with a quick 10 minute spot at the downtown Pirmanti Bros
What exercises do you do to stay in shape for tennis?
Bryz just one of many glaring examples of shortsighted owners who think ANY player is worth that kind of contract.
Interested in sponsoring food for this month's meeting? Let us know! (Full details for the meeting coming soon!)
Hope it's better than "Jennifer's body"
Some girls can take a joke...some guys are just assholes when it come to joking with girls /:
(So it goes to voicemail and I can keep them forever.)
Got great relief from the heat last night and spent it in the pool with little K . Who's to thank for the rain & breeze? Gulf hurricanes?
looking forward to seeing you play up here 3/10. But not rooting for ya this once...I'm a #DCU Barra Brava :-)
RT : Lol-- Thanks Tracy! /Which movie did you go see? (or are in the process of seeing?)
Late adopter on this, but #Shameless is completely awesome.
that's true, thanks! :)
This is not what it is only baby scars.
Maybe the movie choices were bad, but 2 hrs of watching films about emotional/physical issues on Fri - not good.
: Unfortunately, you can't search by negative on Yelp... though you can sort any biz reviews by rating, if that helps...
Tolerance. Understanding. Courage. What can the DHM teach you?
ATTN: George Wilborne will be performing @ The Historic Lincoln Theatre (1215 U St. NW Wash., DC) NOT the Lincoln Center! -DMB ☺
Can't wait to see in Spelling Bee!!!
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! We wouldn't be where we are today without you.
& he wanted me home for what? for this?
The rain is gone! Come for a swim this week. Check out our schedule @ www.swim.net
Happy Oestre! Blessings of the bunny.
#BBKing will be performing at Wolf Trap Park on July 18th!
What ever happened to awkward
Austinites have endorsed Gonzalez to theme "Let's Do This Austin!" But, does Austin really need a State Rep seat in El Paso?
I think we can hit our renewable energy targets by harnessing hot air coming from GOP Congressmen. Problem solved!
These 85º May days in Austin are freaking me out a little bit. Not complaining. Nope, just enjoying the weird, cool weather.
If you want something done right, do it yourself.
Fried chicken barbecue corn beef and fried Cabbage 😜
That. Is. Awesome.
Great sign of a great sunny day- I got my RYDER ROCKERS on...ROCK ON with your RYDER ROCKERS ON!
What flying birds never glide or soar? ... Answer: Hummingbirds! (Their wings just aren't made for that.)
HA! I'm choosing to blame Twitter & not the app I'm currently using which seems to be well designed.
I'm intrigued by this cigarette-smoking with someone else' hand story.
I didn't want to! Maggie's been fanning the flame (point finger)... and keeping me well-informed on all things K-Chu
Check us out. We are Louisville's most authentic selection of Asian foods for catering, home, & restaurants.
we played some of the best attacking football against Evrtn, only defending was a let down that day.too many changes from that XI
Fire in St. Paul this morning - neighbors help rescue kids.. See a report in just minutes on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS MORNING.
Anybody need savin?
"Winning starts with beginning."--Anonymous
Tonight... my roommate and I are going to be in the same room as Alexa Vega. I'm pretty much okay with this. Thank you roomie!!!
: Working on some smashes. -Every writer ever
In conclusion, if you are serious about giving Twitter a chance to make money for you, TAP Profit Funnel might work for you too
except that the courts always get involved in #mnredistricting so why would this time be any different?
Weirdest person I ever sat next too
re:Stepbrothers the movie :D
well I mean for me it does but its still better than middle school obviously baha
Just watched 1 of my films on showtime. feels good to see it on screen. We never quit!
all those people with statuses about partying & haviing fuun all night. then theres me... sitting here... on twitter.
Yayy I love Christmas break!!! #finally;))
Sounded awful via five live. Almost comical how banterous people get about derbies in Sheffield though.
What in the world you got in that bag what you got in that bag
: thanks for following. A very Happy New Year to you and yours!
When people cause problems so my mom goes all crazy 
U had no hand in making me we made us!
Sorry I ment 2 put 'you'll meet him someday' and u will
: Be thankful you got one
seventeenuplets? Damn that must be a record. Your vagina is probably the size of your head
Headed to SUMMERFEST? Stop in on your way and browse.
JUSTIN! can you follow me!? you follow soo many and i wanna be in the following list of yours :)
Taylor!!!! entartainer of the year baby!!! We so need to trend!
Someone tell me how you gna get sick in May?? Or is that a Jordan move to make the game more dramatic?? I call bullshit on Kobe. Lol
Good to be back in Boston after our west coast recruiting trip. Just in time to welcome our 2nd #COM2016 Open House tomorrow!
OMG! Fuck You you stupid ass bitch!!!!!
THIS EPISODE.
My PTATs are always lower for FBQs tho ... it's very surprising. That's why I asked.
Gotta work a semi double after wrapping
Never say never! Hmm..I have an idea..more later!
Arrest Governor Walker, this is a coup d'état
Great!!! I love big studio romance comedies. That's one genre they always seemed to get right. You got a title?
It's Ruby Tuesday! (You'll meet her later, if you play your cards right.)
New Facebook coming for King Tex! Stay tuned!
Man.... At what point do you sit Hosmer?
i figured :)
I think we took a Chance,this is Not par for the Course,but 1st Round Grade talent,7th round Character.
Finished an hour early. Thank goodness. And I'm out. Ooooooweeeee!!!!!!!!!!!
yes sir. Been an unexpectedly rough season. Ugh. Lol. And thanks!!!
hate how judge mental so many people are theese days
All of our services come with Free Inspection RT
where were you at?
ill follow em (:
Claps of thunder and rain dancing on the roof...Z
"It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop."
miss you too, beautiful :)
would say tinychat but you said can't :'( sad face
In honor of Earth Day, I held in my farts all day. You're welcome ozone.
I tried I did all I can do to solve the puzzle that is you and I couldn't find it
is back! This time in the D at on Saturday night.
you ok?
Yes, I will be there!
Is it possible to think so hard you'll just forget?
I looked into your account and you should have received an email from me about 4 hours ago… maybe it went to spam?
agreed. so much potential, but #sxhappy was the anti-happy.
If you get a chance, take it. If it changes your life, let it. Nobody said it would be easy, they just said it would be worth it.
Who loves the as much as ? Maybe you? 300 pts gets you 2 tickets for BOX SEATS!
because is an awesome cheekee and a master at keeping tabs on the Madrid culture scene
Come celebrate Teen Tech Week with Do It Yourself crafts at the Main Library on March 6th at 4:30 pm.
look at you tweeting on a saturday morning. haha. have an awesome weekend my friend. ;)
It's the Clippers. They'll keep him. RT One positive for the Clippers: no VDN next season.
#NowPlaying: "Blacklist Club" Album, by
Workout set on the calendar tomorrow for 6 am. Lord help me have the strength to get myself out the bed when my alarm rings.
Hey Heather! I'm following u already, I'm your only one actually ;) Do I know u in person...? No bell is ringing...
#wordpress here we come...
#TeamShady we had to kill this Bitch !
Tomas Barfod – “Broken Glass” » CHARTattack | Indie and Alternative Music
Falling Still is giving away an IPad (OMG!) ... tell your friends to "like" our facebook page or follow us on twitter for a chance to win!!
To the 50 new Double Helix followers, THANK YOU!! And stay tuned! We'll announce future show dates soon!
This. RT : I fully expect the entire Omaha roster to be in KC by the end of the season. Not by talent, but by need.
Hanging out with at the middle school game (:
question, are you guys going to be posting the pods from the Jay & Silent Bob shows in Australia this week?
im just annoyed lol but thanks!
My daughter Tiffany and I...when I still had hair....ouch!
That's right ;) “: wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle yaah”
Finally back on twitter ! Haven't been on this website In a while.
smh what are you talking about ^.^
We can always lock her in the warehouse when she goes back there? Give her something to think about.
oh no, I'm so sorry. We had to put down our border collie, who I had since I was 10, not too long ago. One of the hardest things
thanks for the help!
Twitter wars with Sandra ...and we're right next to eachother...you gotta love us xD
": The thirst for skylar diggins is funny" she is bad tho
Avoiding bias is the job of the judge and the jury, not the prosecutor. I'm pretty sure she thinks he's committed a crime...
Can we agree now giving Lebron 3 MVPs is a sham to the historical records of professional basketball?
Ah This essay is such a drag! Ha and keeps distracting me!
what ever happened to 's green light up bass??
I know right?! RT : How do all these college athletes afford so many tattoos?!
Looking forward to connecting with a fellow Everett resident and inviting them to Isagenix.
RT : #WHBrief so overflowing with marriage questions, that reporters are trying to ask "quick" questions on the economy.
Social media tools at BCBSFL. Engage in something meaningful.
I don't know *shrugs* you tell me why.
haha but I'll be home Saturday until next Sunday!
thanx 4 follow, back atcha. You are one busy guy!
So apparently Taylor Swift has a greeting card line...
Giddy up! " : Back to the 70s tomorrow with some sun. Clouds gradually increase through the afternoon. Enjoy the weekend!”
Just a few hours away from
The only things you ever really have are the ones you hold inside your heart.
We're open until 8 tonight and 10 to 3 tomorrow. Lots of great books in stock!
Shout out to on the packed SuperCross AfterParty
#obamaFirsts - nobama now the first gay, Kenyan, anti-colonial, socialist president (via ) who banned Jumbo Snickers
We service Detroit Metro Airport with transportation, as well as Flint Bishop, Windsor VIA-RAIL & airport, and more
Maybe he can get a pass and go in the locker room. Unless Bill King is running PR.
NOO. I wasn't! My eyes were super red because of my contacts!
what is your position?
I wonder what is #wearing for H's big night!
Attending a webinar, along with a few colleagues, about CampusEAI Consortium's myCampus Portal Grant Briefing Showcase Featuring Arkansas S…
Thanks, I was going to ask, but hadn't gotten to it yet. :-)
balls. i just saw this....not even gonna make up something. forgot. i have an idea. why don't we aim 4 coffee every other wk?
Happy Easter!
Club One is having a reunion...... You will see us there!
It gets better. RT 6 minutes in. Thats the point I fell in love with Generation Kill. The mini monologue.
When will you be in Madison? It would be great to meet up. :)
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt not murder the Queen's English.
It really depends on your desires. Quiet, romantic dinner, crazy party or something inbetween?
I love you ! <3
If that isn't child exploitation I do not know what is! How can this be ok? It is NOT. Our media culture is rife with it
#MUSICNEWS Dick Clark dead at 82
Amazon is shipping the new book, The Phoenix Apostles, but isn't in stores yet. Hope you'll get your copy!
Banned Books at the Flamingo Library! Free Event 7pm
I appreciated Glade more when they failed to intrude upon my notice
Coming up at 225pm, I will chat with of ... #SummerSlam #JohnCena #CMpunk ...
Can't wait for #AfterMidnight movie in 3D
thisisahotmess dot com!
Sounds like you're ready to hit the books!
Announcing , DC's first food truck devoted to peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. Because of course there's one.
nothing just messing with u!! But you got something
hell yeah shit I would to! Lol
Training with video is ever surprising, for instance - how to evacuate a prison, how to be a visitor at a hospital
you obvi. Never had cookie dough ice cream ..
she is stunning! as for time i still remember the first time i met you at santa monica civic when i was Bill's wife! memories!
Foxy got you hot, cause you kept your face in her puss,
Just failed epically....
today for film ACT OF VIOLENCE. Beautiful print, riveting story, intense performances.
The 3 C’s of life: choices, chances, and changes
Fort Adams, Hooker was "One of the handsomest men the Army produced." GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
That's a wrap!
I was going to ask you if you're going to TBEX, I guess you are :)
I have to break it to yaa..... I'm moving to Tennessee..
It kills me that people are buying this pap. Or is it brilliant? Take bad writing, add crappy sex scenes = instant bestseller.
Surprised? Similar channels to devel, build, promote emplyr brand either internally or externally says
great seeing you today at FX McRory's today. Stay gold pony boy - stay gold.
New Orleans recently brought recycling back to the city for the first time since Hurricane Katrina. Can't wait for my blue bin!
hahah seriously.. let it be me. NOW.hahaha
Obama proposes cutting the MIC. He caused no wars: only responded in a limited and cautious manner (lybia).
This isn't goodbye, I promise.</3
thanks miss!! And yes it is! Makes it easier for everyone to succeed and this the beer having!!!
Its a beautiful thing to have in the city RT I wish I had a stoop.....
what's been up with you? It's been a while
400 Gazan prisoners hadn't be allowed family visits since 2006; one prisoner has been held for a total 8.5 yr w/o charge.
testing twitter and facebook
Time always reveals who is about their piece of "real estate" and who is about the Kingdom of God. Be patient and led by the Holy Spirit.
what if I buy the tickets?!
care to share a link?
"A fly in the ointment isn't nearly as disastrous as a spider in the lube."
Not quit per say, but kick the daily habit ;) Trying to lose the caff addiction!
Too many things on my mind. Trying to fall asleep to some & 's voice
I hurt my back picking up something heavy today. There's a first time for everything.
You're welcome.": Toni has assembled some hotties from the Wheel of Men. We're gonna get to know them next on the "
I'm hungry lay yo ass down on the dining table out yourself on my plate
revolutionize flood sandbagging, organic garden watering and spills..Ecosandbag. Many uses and safe to the environment
Out of school fuck yeah lol😜😝
Certain Death 1.2 Online Tournament Now in session! Live Free or Try Hard
Super light headed this morning... Woke up with a smile! 😊
Is your check engine light on? I'll read the codes for free!
Just because you made a mistake doesn't mean you are a failure. Failure does not define who you are but what you do to make things right.
MR.OMG & LOVERBOI gonna be celebrating their birthday this month!!!! HUGE PARTY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FOLLOW US
haha why you hatin on a corolla! Was he mexican too?? Hahaha
m sure?
love you by
RU tweeting in your sleep? U should be resting missy! I'm not a Dr but I want to play 1 on TV (consider this practicing orders).
Should have kept your old #. Who had it on the Crew? Wouldn't give it up?? Good luck next game!!
. on Prince and Minneapolis sound: result of the production of space a la Michel de Certeau
i think the owner of the location can edit the page
Dentist appointment tomorrow. This means I've got six months' worth of flossing to catch up on.
Great tool RT : Mission is to help people easily move offline meetings to online conversations
Just had 2 squares of Dove Dark Chocolate - oh! I love dark chocolate lots more than white or milk chocolate. And it is HEALTHY to eat!
me too!!! Except I don't want him to forget ://
It's thirsty Thursday your state rep will host her townhall meeting Washington Lounge! First item on the agenda happyhour $$ -8pm!
I don't think I've read anything from Grantland since last August. Weird.
You should sell your sales team - then send them out to sell. We hype what we believe in - talk your business up and walk the talk!
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
He should be. Been great in every game against even tough opponents. Sagarin SOS #6! Even has a Heisman moment.
2 Lights, my favorite pop band. (OK, I've known em since they were babies, but still!) www.myspace.com/twolightsband
It doesn?t matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going. Brian Tracy
Wow, that's the thing about the D800.. you need killer glass to take full advantage of it's amazing sensor
Call Motivos to save your spot on the bus! Youth can come with us to WCU's 20th Annual Latino Leadership conference 4/28.
Bueller on the Big Screen!
I think Joan has Megan's number for sure
Great event today everyone! Thanks to all who attended and we'll see you next year! Check www.hopeforfirefighters.org soon for pics!
Ron Bennett of School Service of CA says state has taken most of state's large districts to the financial brink with years of cuts.
Her eyes.
Now THAT'S an acceptance speech. Congrats!
Her saying SJ and I were close in age is way off xD Minus Henry. We're close xD
Just entered half of Francis's notes for the #PealeBCLM glass negatives. Detailed information is his specialty. He's looking out for you!
Dying to spend some time Down South, Brooklyn Style, with a fade and a flannel!
Jessica Simpson gives birth to baby girl!
Texas is on board, or at least not against.
Watered the plants for a friend who is on vacation. Gone 5 min top. During this time someone lifted all my hubcaps. Happy New Year.
#FACT 14,000 people are having sex right now. 25,000 are kissing. 50,000 are hugging. And you…. well you’re reading this.
So how bout Doron Lamb from Kentucky
I know its just a game, but we all miss Dominic (PT) and regardless i still blame Rachel and Brendon for his eviction
you are legit!! ;)
kinda bummed right now.
We are unsure about crocs. If you'd like, take crocs with you but wear sneakers. Then just change if crocs are allowed.
"when did we get old?"
I had to do the math twice... :) yes not long yet... long and lots of change.
Totes! And you definitely started a new trend! #NoDoubtBoutIt and ur welcome! :)
cannot log to yahoo even facebook google since i ,ve been using this crap called YAAAAAAHOOOOOOO sincerely L.M.Freitas
Doing some February homework.. Nbd.
On my life... I love Macaroni and Cheese with tuna in it..
I hate being the last one awake.
HOLIDAY BEAUTY TIP: Rollerball perfumes are great stocking stuffers & give you the perfect scent every time.
You ROCK.
": Dr Zhou #CDC: routine childhood #immunizations given each year save 42000 lives and $69 billion in societal costs. #PAS2012"
#ngce Milton Pedraza from Luxury Institute is a very good speaker.
Watching the phillies and there new Of Hunter Pence !!!
and the team is.... SOUTH AFRICA
Hi! Im SO excited to see you tomorrow night in Denver at City Hall!!!! :-)
Now watching Game of Thrones
see you in a few hours. Don't forget to tell everyone that's coming to bring their phones/cameras.
Ive moved on from Oberon. Used to be good when it was a craft beer...but they make so much of it now, the recipe is not the same
I've been blessed to have excellent Guidance in my career!
Be courteous have your trash pads cleaned on a regular basis. Think of those located downwind.
“: #cnndebate #santorum #romney #newt #ronpaul Newt, again, again, has the profound point”
you can bring us Kentucky bbq.
Love being woken up past midnight by teen looking for a headband.
Okay it is back to work but the fun lasted a good while! #Fiesta San Antonio is always a birthday cake a Mi Tierra! #NIOSA #KingWilliam home
I did have a great day. Got a haircut & color this afternoon. You? :)
I assume you plan to leave at least one behind.
You can't just watch one interview. It's not possible.
yes please!
Dear fans, yelling in a quiet ballpark ”I know the fear has got you now”...to your own pitcher...highly unproductive.
LOLZ what? aha
#MahoneOnB96 come on mahomies we can do this!
Congrats on your acceptance ! We're so glad to hear your psyched!
Thanks Everyone For The Birthday Wishes From Last Night To Early Early This Morning lol
... Look forward to connecting with you.
Merry Christmas! Thanks for being our 2000th follower! Hope your Christmas has been amazing!
One of the best nighta
We’re looking forward to your tweets!
Just found out the other boxer is Mexican thought he was a whitey
hearing extremely loud noises outside and almost peeing myself, that's always the best.
See you on the 5th April, Hotel Cafe ~ looking forward to it Lee
What do you mean?
Respect for kids' skills is often lacking in educational settings
absolutely. You guys came up a while ago when evaluating social monitoring tools.
Cuffington, no lie I was almost raped by one at age 16z the big bitch threw me over her shoulder up stairs to her bed...
“Character is made by many acts, but it can be destroyed by a single one
The Silk Tie likes Corrie!
Bands like Skillet are for dudes that will never be metal. You can't kill the metal. The metal will live on.
When my boyfriend plays with my hair until I fall asleep >>>>>>>
Sittin outside watchin the storm come in with the bestfriend! 👍✌☺
Hey Michael we know security shield is a nasty virus. If you need some expert tweeps who can remove security shield give us a call.
Promoting our next live seminar - "Integrated Thinking" for CFOs, risk mgrs, HR execs, etc. www.hni.com/Safety/Workshops/workshops.asp
Time for some paper kick ass time...at least the weather sucks
Yiddish-speaking Jews, like his family. And happy Jews, who spoke Italian. (3/3)
Aw, I got my first troll on Twitter!
Fuck it. I WILL put out.
is registration still open?
heard you were coming to Milwaukee? I figured since you weren't answering the phone you were tweeting lol
I sense ret-con RT : But... then why did the other fellow support their gesture with a badge, rather than by doing it with them?
what's good my dude.
LOL. Justin admits to having a beer before but says he never went out of control. I'm waiting for bitches to rage.
You will always have problems come your way in life bcuz it's just how it is but it's your choice on how u wanna take it
Do you know we keep all VSU yearbooks & catalogs? Come visit Lindsay-Montague & remember college memories, friends & family!
"just wait till calc II. you'll want to kick baby ferrets." great, can't wait haha
thank you! She is very sweet. I love her to death!
is stirring it up with talking about a frustrating Game 2 loss by the
Time to start a Favre to Chicago rumor?
but then my OCD side takes over and I have to get rid of the light
“: We all have that one friend who makes us laugh with their stupidity.”
The works of a talented and special artist : )
I just saw John Carter...my goodness does Disney know how to make movies..it was awesome.
OMG finally u r here !!!! Did u get my e-mail ?? Love u more !!!
oh jesus. Be gentle with me...and buy the penis pasta please.
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second
i miss you. When we will hang again?! Some crazy party?!:)
Have forgotten how much i love
because its fun in this class.....and you would complete the group
": Drinking wine through veggie sticks.That makes it healthy right?" hahaha yes. Instant transformation into v8
hard to take that twitter name seriously
Used my #casino comp to try foie gras for the first time. Weird sh**! Just a steak next time, kthx.
Special shoutouts to VOiB TV for working on this project for Pristine Empire! Stay tuned for more info...
If I could have a man that love me as much as I love myself I keep him forever that's a +
still love it XD
that is how it usually works!
Hmm what to do today?
Can you please give me a shout out pleasee?
Oh hey guys.
On the show today Bobby and ozzy Plus name the song under the 405 sound of the day and win $300 dr.Bizer vision world gift certificate
Listen to your competition!
You're very welcome!
To the #Knicks celebration-haters: Yeah, was a bit much, but how would YOU react to your 1st playoff win in a generation?
On the way to New Bedford to see a whaling museum.
so sorry!! I'm pimple free!!!
I like jane austen so much I even like the kiera knightley pride and prejudice
"The Something Opens."
So proud of you!
won't be so darn lonely....
Just left the mall
this has went downhill since Eloy ugh
are 1st in the Western Conference right now… Awesome!
did you get the LEYE gift card i sent you via email? I just want to make sure it didn't go into your spam or something. Let me know!
It was a dark and stormy night...and we here at HIBF would like to remind you that the fest will happen rain or shine! Bring an umbrella!
21 Jump Street here i come
thank you thank you thank you!
David Ortiz is smackin the hell outta baseballs this year.. Lehh go
seems like the Aussies r pursuing real price discovery rather than just fiddling while DC burns.
Downloaded the Selena Gomez album for my daughter and I cant stop listening to the club remixes
This morning could be going better. High-stakes presentations? Sure, says the computer, I'll go unresponsive 1st thing in the morning!
Why did you RT that........... did you pick the wrong one? LMAO 8'D
Come on down to the Rio All-Suites Hotel today for the Vegas Woman 's Expo from 10-5 It's gonna be HUGE and fun!! Come see us!
Come on heat !
yes!! Sounds like a plan!!
you're so welcome.
Is it me or does PA announcer at the Coliseum sound exactly like Bob Sheppard?
hey now...the guys in be brave are our buddies. They are good guys.
I'm not trying to defend her but u don't know her or know no1 that does... so u let the media tell u how to make decisions ?
Good afternoon tweeties! ☀
correct, I can dm you what i've been told & can't stop thinking (don't want to spoil it if it's true)
21st birthday tonight!
That's awesome! I know what it's like to pine for a dream doll! :D
knock em dead
I come up with so much stuff that people say but nobody knows it :(
Yay!!!! I finally have internet at home (after over a month without it)
Every winter from now on I'm heading south. I have learned my lesson and I am enjoying this florida weather!
HELP! Looking for a recipe I think on D, corned beef & mashed potato stuffed cabbage rolls! Can't find & my kids want it tom!
Getting excited for tonight's Brooklyn Cyclones game with
yeah yeah I'm comin
Just got 6 seasons of LOST explained to me in 5 min. You people got screwed.
People must start feeding the poor hungry Walmart parking lot birds.
finally done with WHAP stuff...
Awesome~ keep releasing & allow our father 2 elevate u :) #Godsgotu!!!
Matt Cooke got the gate for not going Marty McSorley all over Wayne Simmonds.
where's the bottom of this damn twitter page? can't...stop...scrolling...down......why...won't...it...end?
had a great night at church with Shelby &
had to turn the nerds off
We are always running for the thrill of it
haha yeah i realized that right after i sent the update because i was already following u an i saw the winners posted
Right now your doing this :o and I need you to do this :]
W.brandguyblog.com #audi has the lead
Spending the day with Don Soderquist, former Vice Chairman & COO Walmart. Thankful for the opportunity!
Conservative pundit strategy: when you have no case, bring up New Black Panther Party.
I don't want it to be the walking dead season finale.
This song makes me want to dance
Mapped out 2012, Jan-June including projects in development, classes, goals, and family time.
I just don't feel the same about life anymore.
$DNAD no volume yet.. that's ok, there will be soon!
Its 's birthday,so lets help her to get Justins atention,and wish her a happy sweet 16.
i just been grinding out. Ya know doing me....how have you been didnt realize nobody would see i was M.i.A!!!!😊
FOUND JA PUNK! You changed ur screen + real name so i was, where is she?! lol
i don't always rap but when i do i always spit hot fire
i feel so nauseous but I dont wanna feel nauseous 'cause I wanna go jogging :(
what a horrible day
: did you know that I am now always running towards you?
is the carnival there tommrow too?
perfect. Think it's going to sell out. We'll cover the 7 places you can go to work on to become the person others buy into!
i can be so mean sometimes, but whatever, if you're too nice people take advantage of you.
your test worked
No i dont' LOVE Justin Bieber, i havent even met him, i do love what he stands for
Big Quakes Pacific Rim Countries in Indian Ocean-- 8.6, aftershock 8.2. Tsunami worries continue.
Sorry you're missing the swap! Have you read any books by Tana French? She's great!
At an inter-agency marketing meeting and I'm playing a new game with myself: spot the #MarketingBuzzWords. First one: dashboard.
Finally read that article in depth, so which one are you battling now so I can help? :)
where you at baby?!?! yea buddy
I'm Not Feeling It Today Lbvs
My company just hired a new graphics girl. Walking around the office with a boner is going to be hard to hide.
Free My Nig Brian
Thanks for supporting Fat Fancy!! Keep rockin sister!! Fat Solidarity!!
Heading off to the Association of Threat Assessment Professionals monthy meeting... San Diego.. see you there!!
havnt made any in a bit...
. Thanks for the #FF love! Back atcha! ^dr
Glad you're on the follow. Rock out this week!
No one has a right to sit down and feel hopeless. There is too much work to do.-Dorothy Day
Needed Orphaned Crochet DoiliesMark Lipinski39s Blog - doilies
good stuff
no, my fun is still good. You?
Anybody in the Painesville/440 area wanna make some money and Mike Vick some dogs for me?
I hope your Bible study went well last night. I'm so enjoying this study! Prayers for you!
*Void where prohibited (Minneapolis).
NOW broadcasting @ www.getrichradio.com our guest hosts David & Melina Montelongo Listen now and win the $1000 CASH prize!
loving the no coat november business
GSP That was great screwing with his mind ! Respect!!!
ightttt just text me when you're on yo way
never let your prayin knees get lazy and love like crazy.
Hi Martin: Hope all is well. You would think most leadership development offerings would focus on the individual and growth...
be good to those who are good to you, andd fuck the restt!
lalalalla, i sing your songs every day (;
hm, still not getting it. can you give me another example?
I know!
Tied with after day 1 of #MarchMadness ... great minds think alike
trying out
You were fake i was great nothing personal. Never get sick of that line.
TGIF...Oh crap I forgot every day is Friday for me.
The Teen is Sweet Sixteen. How did THAT happen?
Felt 3: A tribute to Rosie Perez. Slug&Murs produced by Aesop Rock. I like.
Why is it that they cannot temporarily remove River Blindness fly breeding habitat?
you can alternate... dance, then leap, dance, leap... I want to see a lot of that tomorrow! :)
Apocalypse now at the Josephine... So psychedelic.
GOOD MORNING! :)
#workwednesday need network #programmers for jobs in #texas and #seattle and more,
#SCNotTop10 always classic
press my follow button please,? It would mean the world to me <3 xx.
Anyone can have a waffle once in a while, but it takes a real hero to ONLY EAT WAFFLES! (jk - please don’t eat only waffles)
Knowledge is power and enthusiasm pulls the switch.
Good seein' u last night man!
Madly finishing my Drupal talk for #il2011 next week... mad, I tell you! MAD!
hm OH DARLING!
:) ya ya baaayyybaaayyy!!! I'll be seein yoouuu. Except... We might have to go to a park.. I need to spend time with wrigley
Only thing out here is a bunch of fucking coyotes and shit
Sometimes it does feel like Barkeeper's Friend has genuine affection for me.
Go USA Soccer!
puppy party play dates?!?!?
One thing I will NOT tolerate is a thief.
o hai Jeff carter
First Bonus Crossword Clue for May is more like a correction... okay, it is a correction: 33-Down should read "TWO ens make one."
Anyone who is anyone in #Journalism is here at the NYU Arthur L. Carter Journalism Institute, 20 Cooper Square, 6th Floor in NYC!!
Hi Heather, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
What? I can't tweet my pitch? Damn.
Wow! I'm still looking for hotel to sty during our trip to KL.Few days left & i still hvn't found any suitable hotel for us! recommand pls?
My mom is telling everyone embarrassing stories about me when I was a baby. Slythering away now.
thanks! I love the solstice!
It's cool to be a part of "generation-Y" sounds like a scientific social project.
RT Does anyone have a quick and easy at-home remedy for man boobs?
Wish I could have gone to state for prep soccer tonight
Good night people. Have fun.
Thanks, I'll be sure to let you know if I ever think of anything intelligent to say.
Dreaming of you tonight <3
The Detroit Tigers are going to be a marketing dream in 2012!
IT GET NICE OUTSIDE KIDS OR GROWN PPL DNT KNO HOW TO ACT THESE PPL MUST NOT KNO I WILL SLAP THE HELL OUT OF A KID
when your dreaming with a broken heart, the waking up is the hardest part.
Hey, thanks for coming today! :) Also to Azuah! I don't know her Twitter, but haaayyy.
sympathy pains my behind! Hmf!
Hi ;D
About to join the first Leadership Series Webinar. Looking forward to a great conversation!
sent in my Trainwreck application last night! Hoping I get picked !
Today we're talking about postmodern identities on the internet. My students have so many smart thoughts!
"North Carolina Anti-Gay Marriage Amendment 1 Reportedly Written To Protect 'Caucasian Race' " #huffpost Oh, so THAT'S what it's about!
thanks David, I appreciate the dialogue and compliment
I was working on captions from hummingbird plates, mostly. Gorgeous books, glad they're online!
Watching a TLC show about a guy who has a sexual relationship with his car. Take that
I only started appreciating it fairly recently. I hated it as a kid.
Super in love with my new #kindlefire!
ohh did uu hear me play??
Hey #Milwaukee! It's $5 Martini Day! All specialty and regular martinis included.
Good times w ol faces last night at Chi for Karen's Bday
FREE car fluid checks, FREE hot dogs and a car show at Action Towing 275 Marketplace Drive in Henrietta June 19th 8-4pm
Anyone having issues with RG&E? seems my only resolution is to switch companies.
Today is National Pink Day, our Strawberry Margarita is sort of Pinkish, celebrate today with one or two :)
Just finished watching "The Artist" -- What an awesome film!
TGIF! 20% OFF any #Jewelry Repair Service! Mention this tweet to the cashier ;) #Paradise Valley Mall
scoop em in.
Lmfao just passed a house this morning bumpin Nelly "Hot In Here"
Loving articles, keep them coming!
:( I guess I can share
cute and I like
Aloha & Happy President's Day. We will be open regular hours today. Stop in & see us.
Evidence models must be faster for online ed #srebsym A-B trials make this fast and easy. Let's pool this in an evidence framework.
I take that back, a mix between Diana Ross from The Wiz and Janis Joplin. I haven't had to hold back my laughter this hard in a while...
Happy Friday! What are you doing this weekend?
True story: I had a dream the other day. was running off the field carrying the Lombardi Trophy. Dreads flying with excitement!
Obama Campaign Headquarters - the mainstream news media! Reporting false and misleading information regarding the jobs report & the polls!
couldn't agree more!
I don't like when people waste my time.
m Monday
And it begins again
I am SO sad that I have to miss the concert tonight!! :(
Go on in 30 min go 2 radioschool .com Arlington location finna kill it baby
You ever get the sneaking suspicion that everybody wants to have sex with u?
You dont hafta have a gift for anything that you wanna do in life.If you focus an put yur mind to it you'll have it down b4 you even know it
Hey and Is it as one sided there as espns announcing?
I could EASILY use your personal experience 2 help me w/ what i am going through- and it would be deep! But rewarding! xoxo
Existential Crisis in full bloom. Bloody hell.
lord u guys are gonna blow up my twitter...... but at least it will be directioners blowing up my timeline
Cliches are bullshit. Culture is your operating system. Evolve your internal dialogue. Those old sayings don't mean a damn thing.
Just played tennis for the first time in years and it was awesome. Now, if only I could move my leg
RT : alright! I mean pick me up from tin roof I.wanna go wit u and
On my way to school I should be there around 9 lol :-)
Happy Birthday to ! Hope you have a great one.
Would you like to come to our campus April 4 for an event we are hosting (250+ students/entrepreneurs) w/5 panelists?
im great what was wrong?
I was promised a cool pop track? We know you are #Calculating but where is it?
this horny lesbian wants me. uhh.
Why hasn't texted me "Happy Mother's Day" I mothered that ho! :(((
will find u on a cooler day! Sweating it out in the AC at Legends!
The very first online poker room was called Planet Poker and it went live Jan.1, 1998 with a game of 3 - 6 dollar Texas Hold ‘Em
Find me on Hanging With Friends! My username: ElectricFeel_
When is Dag more appropriate than Dang?
lol how's your family taking it
oh nice. have any snow yet?
Always lead never Follow
Pink (almost magenta) stuff on my neck? No, explanation. okay?
Mom's homemade mole rojo for lunch. It's amazing!
haha inserting the words titties, balls, etc into the things never gets old...always a hoot!
Hahaha I was being serious I have always liked gags. And crosby sucks..I'm a Malkin fan
I just started texting with someone I met on twitter. If I go missing, well... That's what happened.
Some people SHOULD NOT have a drivers license
You obviously did, boo.
** With People Aplenty, Twitter Aims to Cut Through the Noise [ Bits ]
I'm really excited for you. I'll definitely be thinking of you both!
lol I won't be able to be on for awhile. but I'm setting it up right now.
Why doesn't pay attention to me? I'm a Florida girl!
three new songs written today... i love days like today
Nobody ever died of laughter.~~~~~~~~~~Sir Max Beerbohm
man I knw they were a little out there already charging 4 carryons, but the new fees r just str8 whack! Bad on
sup bro ??
Its in the mail right now “: I will pay $100 to whoever brings me a beer and some food ASAP”
wow. This had been somewhat entertaining :-/ lol same thing happened to me! Beliebers are feisty!
I miss you <3
Where's everyone at???
Good Morning everyone waking up in sunny Chicago (3rd day in a row) very excited for what lies ahead...
You know your legit when the printer makes you sign a release on a photograph you took on your own
#IfYouLiveInMoVal is trending! :o Ratchets say whhhhhaaat?
#nf follow back son
I'm part of the Texas Cornhole league now. Whoot!
Whoa. There was just a man in my window.... my office is on the 3rd floor. That will wake you up!
but it is what I do best :-P
I ask the same ? why chick beer when there are so many good beers.. response why have so many flavors of Ice Cream
was great though we had a bit of a delay at the airport! Nothing a little lunch won't solve!
RT : Misspoke there at 9:00 - sales tax increase would mean an additional $5 in tax on that $1000 grocery bill for a family of 4
I could have sworn I looked at the US site. WTF. LOL
No price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself. Nietzsche
I think I just developed asthma.
Wanna ps3
OH FA SHO
Dear All time low please get you asses to more Southern Florida. not just just fucking Jacksonville and Orlando.
NE Columbia Blvd will be closed for a while due to an accident involving a semi and two SUV's.
RT : Chat w LJ’s Brian Kenney @ 1:00 Networking Lounge: Patron Profiles can support #pub lib decisions re: collections,...
Great collection of iPad apps for math!
Where's taco bell when you need it!
Every time I listen to 'Little Amy' from the series 5 #DoctorWho soundtrack, I get a little misty-eyed.
21 and up clubs feel great
great meeting you + hope to see you around the neighborhood again soon!
then stop leaving me 47384729 mentions
They sell crack on broad street by my mom's house. I saw that shit. Biggie smalls looking boy on the corner. Wait til the casino opens...
I want some now. Once 3:00 hits stefon is getting some.
lol oh you mean world war. Yeah y'all will win if he taking out people
"I love your Crocs" Said by Nobody, Ever.
oh yes tell me about it. And many don't really know that Cinema is Benny's track and Skrillex only remixed it.
LOLOL Justin bieber just appeared on my tv
“: Don't miss this weekend's Art in Bloom museum. #artinbloom” we'll be there!
HOOK 'EM HORNS!!! And happy thanksgiving Rooke!!
Thanks for the great webinar on an introduction to the #businesscatalyst API. Can't wait to learn about BCGurus Pro as well.
Shout out to our board members: Derek Lewellen (Leadership Tulsa Class 46) & Billye Kraus (promoted) - Thank you for your work for YST!
Damn. I'm almost at my weight during my sophomore and freshmen year.
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory
“: we are the marlins, the miaaammmiiii marlins 🐬” Everything is great in the Sunshine State!
sounds like a long Monday
Help them & Vote 4 for Sac's Best Neighborhood Bar on KCRA's A-List. They would love 2 win 2 yrs in a row! Great people and Pub!
Well the good news is it's the 7-8-9 hitters next inning! Ugh I'm off to the bar.
Ditto RT : I think millionaires arguing with billionaires over money is hard for all of us to relate to/care about
HAHA. We understand. :-)
#MBR rider Strickland says "you don't get dizzy on a bull, you get worried"! Let me tell you food dude friends miniature bulls are not mini!
I can't believe today is finally here. Why can't I graduate today... Gunna miss my seniors
he has done a terrible job of drafting position players
wow, that is bad. I was expecting a parallel shot not a straight in. Pathetic.
Ready to take a walk down Market St. to the Verizon Store. Helping an elderly guy get a new phone.The HavenU320 is good for granny or granpa
How do you make a blonde's eyes sparkle? Shine a torch into her ear...
Was that a 92 mph change-up?
At a conference on digital books, and panelists keep mentioning how much they love physical books.
Almost got electrocuted by puttin a plug into an outlet
ah discus shoes are so expensive!!
Scariest part of the eye dr. Is that machine that blows air in your eye. I think they record it to see how much you jump
Dang ... I cqan't retweet on my phone! But can we be bestfriends anyway? <3
It is snowing in every direction!
cool ! When ?
Oh, I totally want to but I'm in Waukesha getting Seth's hair cut... :( and we are looking to eat when we're done too. Bummer!
"You don't show up for work. You show up for life!" - saving this for the motivational pamphlet I will write when I'm 50 & have given up.
It's to the point where I have to choose between gas or food
Rain + Southbound 35 + Easter Sunday = a total and complete cluster. Help!
Wanna come over so we can eat ice cream & be depressed together? :(
I beat the merch up
Our tree has arrived! I'm feeling more festive already.
R.I.P Adam Yauch.
summer class, its only 6 weeks long though
is gunna buy ME an Arizona ;D
RT Sure, you're comfy with computer analogies, but do you ever wonder why a desktop has wallpaper?
whatching youtube videos of people all around the world play the drums
Bitchs be fucking around... They need there face beat in
my day is good baby I love you kiss the boys
Holtby loves freedom, Obamacare, the liberal media and shutting down the B's offense.
hahaha! Where is the picture of this faux hawk?! That's pretty awesome.
The inside half of the plate. That's where history's made.
haha you look 30 now :p
Keeping my self busy really helps me from thinking too much.
goodnight fellow tweeters ----> "If the bed bugs bite, kick 'em in the shin." ~~me {*haha*}
When playing online, fouls are not called as much for hacking. My game has lag issues, is there going to be a patch soon?
In DC with Bourdain's "The Layover" on while I unpack. Really, producers? British accents need to be subtitled for the colonists?
I love Aaron Diaz and William Levy!! They r so HOT!!
i have tickets for Bone Thugs -n- Harmony (2/5/11) & Theophilus London (2/6/11) at the stay tuned for info on how to win 'em
A dwarf on a giant's shoulder sees the farther of the two. 経験不足な者でも経験豊富な者の助けを借りれば有利になる。
Totally enveloped in John Coltrane's : Blue Train- What a Solo---
Had such a fun night with and ! We should do it again!
i love you swaggie boy :{) You are amazing ♥
off to the apple store yea!
aw yes!!!!! My adorable guys!!!! Love you!
everything you love fucking dies.
Buyers are continuing to be active in the area. It shows up in a great turnout at Sunday Open House attendance. Who do you know that I can …
Yeah if you only do the shotz ": Y'all think if I take like 6 shots & drink a full cup it'll be out my system before 10:45 lol"
Inexplicably have Randy Newman's “Short People” stuck in my head.
Hélène Cixous wrote that "We are a mixture of love and its contrary," and today I'm very contrary.
Louis your gay is showing
dam! is this like the 50 time this week???:O lol
follow jennetteccurdy now
#daydreambeliever on a rainy day
Yo Myasiaa stay tryna get washed! I was gonna give some cookies too. smh lol
& . Yes i do fell bad But it's not my problem that he had to leave early & its kinda off your guys fault because ...
All we are , all we need
To whomever just walked by my office saying, "oh yeah, that must be the liquid cheese they pour on their cheese fries" - shut your yap.
Steak, shrimp, potatoes, brocoli, moscato, and loud!
RT This Friday at Eck's Saloon: ACDC, Black Sabbath, & Rush tributes. It's a Tribute Extravaganza!
Rockin to my nigga "Poetic Justice:Love & War" sippin sum Rossi....relaxation at its best!
Different vibe than the housewarming, but we're expecting a good crowd and a fun time. See you there?
My family to expensive
2days in a row i come outside to allow the sun's rays to work on my flu only to look up & c a buzzard circling ovr me. that's just wrong!
RT Thanks Yes. I'm the big 5 -Oh please, can we not mention it anymore? Who cares about the years, besides you only look 34 ;)
cowgirls never had a window to much hype for the unamerican team
Reference task of the day: creating a list of restaurant suggestions for my roommate. Complete with links to menus & cash vs. credit cards
aye just saying lmao not Asia kirk either someone else aha
Barner with another good kick-off return to start the second half.
any links for the Mumbai Indians v RCB IPL game? thanks..
On my way to get some....
I'll follow cause u seem cool :)
Greg and JDavid of The Viewfinders interviewing today
Matching Socks is an area of my life I completely given up on.
Aint nothin wrong wit goin down souh for an ohio winter! Am I wrong?
Holding on too tightly to what we love will destroy it.
#CallOfDutyElite : For when you really want to waste money to wait for Sledgehammer/Infinity Ward to actually release all of the content.
Positive thinking makes positive actions, which provides positive results!!! Eliminate negative thinking from your life, it serves no good!
Mother's Day is only a few weeks away! Show Mom the love with a personalized flipbook. Just send us a video clip and we'll do the rest!
Thanks for following, guys!
It's great thank you! Off work today
Ive never liked a leo. This is a whole new field of study for me. You confuse me. Yes you.
Yup. Online. They show it live.
Two cnc routers. One is pretty big and the other is pretty small. We also have a Makerbot.
TONIGHT - Thursday Night Trend with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!!
Wondering why Daunt didn't feel that way about paper books and library lending. Maybe am not smart enough to understand?
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Yucca on a Tues. night, Jim Bachmann had another great set and it was great to play with the...
Marriage is not just a piece of paper, a marriage certificate does not define a marriage.
You're welcome! :)
Low Carb Pizza Recipe: "The Breadless Wonder"
Should I get eclipse @ the Walmart midnight release or be patient & get the collector's edition @ target early tomorrow? decisions decisions
Yogas and a sweatshirt
Our bodies often tell us what we need 2 know - we just need to learn how 2 listen!
A little RB talk but mostly about #NYCosmos '70s glory days and his #Playgirl shoot/Studio54. Interview great but too short.
Welcome!! I'll B there 4 2weeks in April!
Holy tebow time
It's pretty good, actually. Nice weather today, maybe not as nice as San Jose, but nice! How are you?
wow the lies coming out of scott walker campaign to save butt from recall are incredible and volumnous.. what a horrible politician.
I would hate to be Swansea, United is going to rain down goals on them.
Congrats to David Courreges, new president-elect of the Austin Young Lawyers Association! Good things are coming to AYLA!
Just a look, no reason. I like that cute profile pic..m. Still beautiful as usual! ;)
"O we're like brother and sister.Just the best of friends." yeah..except you boned.
probably see you when I come in the other way tomorrow morning
The gods will offer you chances. Know them. Take them.
Thanks for listening!
hook up!!
Well, #newt not just lawyers but also any other school will tell you that what you're studying is the most important thing.
RT : Houdini ya main squeeze she disappear she's a magician ... Mmmmhmmm
Leveled up in two growlers of yumminess.
Her "listening could be so intent, it almost had a sound." Gail Caldwell
maybe i wont be coming down for a game
RT : Over 1,000 birds a year die from smashing into windows...Related note: Over 1,000 Cubs fans' dreams are crushed every summer
Enjoying #DCWeek festivities? Stop by Buddha Bar and refuel on our fresh sushi and delicious signature cocktails!
"..wanted to say how excited I am that the Kings are staying in Sac. Now if we could just get that horry shot back.." amen!
hahah nice, only in the south right
Have a nice day :D
shout out to all my new followers!!!!
All hopes and prayers go out to those affected by the recent tornado disasters in the
I love you too I am just like left w no words right now
We have found the Hacker and he has been terminated, sorry everyone once again :(
i love mistletoe!
Definitely a more interesting question.
Thanks for the RTs!
thanks for the RT! Hope to see you at the show!
Your dad is a wise man and a great father. You will learn from him, then someday you will be an amazing mother!!
Ayy THAT BITCH BETTERR BE COOL.
can u pleas follow me I have been tweeting you so many times that u hope u would notice my tweets
ask about soccer, she knows all about it.
Gevey pro u can buy it on our site or our eBay store.
Time for a Pabst Blue Ribbon
Nopee Look At Our Defense . Dude Fisher Is Shitty Lmao
The reason I don't get notification on my youtube account of ...
That wasn't a earthquake. That was me in this Music Industry BLOWING UP!
aww do well on your exams!!
stop playing are u serious wow I love u lmao
one time for another UM fan
Jealous of everyone attending HealthCa.mp LA today!
Harris Teeter ranks sixth in Consumer Reports grocery rankings
thanks dood much appreciated im leavin the 19th u beter cut ur butt out there asap
John Axford's hair is looking very Wayne Campbell like
Tease!teaser!teaser!
Welcome to the #NFL, Claiborne. NY'ers chanting "Dallas sucks" at RCMH
(A)bort, (R)etry, (T)ake down entire network?
All I Can Say Is PACERS!!! Wow!!
took of my shoes, rolled up my pants, and walked home in the rain!
absolutely not.
According to I SLEEP TALK IN SPANISH
Yesterday I spent 5 hours doing massage at a 5K event to raise money for various causes of 9/11 victims
And we thank you wishing you the best of luck in the MLS! We'll be keeping an eye on you, do us proud!
I do things for a reason. Not to act cool or impress people.
Ordered one of them new unlocked Nexus Galaxy S Evo 4G thingamajigs today.
Can't listen to faded anymore now because of -___-
Like a cat I pulled a chair into a sunbeam in the back of the meeting room.
Aren't we tired of seeing 30something year old guys act like schmucks around babies? Guys with Kids...I'll pass.
Injustice may be wiped out, but human disputes and natural limitations cannot be eliminated.
Ovation Award for HR Excellence - Mid-Size Employer - Halifax Regional Medical Center
#keepyourmouthshut if your with a croud of weed smokers and its your first time smoking weed youll be embarrassed
because the toast is too big.
Next time anyone wakes me up knocking at my door at 2am they are going out the window
that's a good way to think :)
Thanks Chad. I have lots of ideas and theories, but getting them in place and working is another story! Getting there though.
Hey, #j202 a panelist at the event just said math/stats critical. Woot!
looking slim
Vegan Goods at HEB « veggie angie
Be a whistleblower for peace
Christina's breasts can not be as big or obnoxious as you make them out to be. Now I have to watch this show just to see for myself
I wonder, in the 20's, what would've been equivalent to getting arrested shirtless, in ill-fitting shorts?
Just about every MC fonny!!! These nuccas rap about totten when they really not Smh
I don't trust you
Until the paralysis bit, sounds pretty good to me.
New iPad white, iPad 2 black. Easy to tell the difference.
I want ice cream.
It's a Wonderful Wednesday! What makes it so wonderful? You!
Bwahaha! What goes on that sandwich?
love it
Hey, everyone follow (which is Alvaro in case you couldn't figure it out) lols
Can't wait to be on campus in August! #countdown RT :" Looking forward to having you here!"
I hear that. I been listening to kid, love it.
JUST SENT THE JOINTS...LETS WORK!
hey boo(: follow me
you're right! There's still time. Thanks bro! 🙌🙏
She came with yu now shez leaving with me whahha .. Im really sorry i just cant do nothing about it 😌
question for San Diego employers? Where is best place to advertise jobs?
School. Work. Sleep. Repeat.
: if Yes is the answer, what was the question?!
I love how suspended players in the NFL can appeal their suspension to the man that handed down the suspension. Real fair process.
This study hall class sucks so bad... you arnt even aloud to listen to music...
please tell me you did not just put that..
Lt. Governor Skillman - ISPA President, Paul Brennan announced donation of more than 65 tons of poultry and eggs to Indiana food banks.
ELLEN then camping all week!!! YES spring break! 👙
do you know Dane I swine you know him or another guy named Omar?
The truth is not simply what you think it is it is also the circumstances in which it is said, and to whom, why and how it is sa
hiya seev! can't wait for your concert in chicago tomorrow! it will be AMAZING and i expect loads of hugs :) xx
Just met #MikeDoughty at #BoswellBookCompany. Can't wait for the show tonight!
what's your FB screen name?
Today is eternity's seed, and we are its gardeners.
i came on here, im getting hate on my bieber account. xoxo
DYK? Phi Beta Sigma was founded at Howard University ...Happy Founders Day
Break a bitch scholar
here, here
YESSIR... let's get that 5 digit number this year... then we'll work on our hook and get that paper!
RT, Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder. LOL =D
Hey Happy Easter!! <3
Time to get some food in the ol belly... Got to say Manchuria Garden is the best Chinese Resturant in the Norcross area....
I woke up to this delightful text: "At the end of 30 Rock Liz randomly exclaimed "I reject Chris Brown's comeback! Lemon out!'"
you just make sure you know where your allegiances are, hahaha. So excited though...
'tip-top' is one of the best resturants in sa
I love being with my family it's been too long!
Good morning friends. Going to get some breakfast and then work. Kisses
i am too sober to be around this much family right now
haha great time at the mall! :) really like her!!
1300 feminists are getting all Studio 54 with Gloria Gaynor at the 2nd World Conf of Women's Shelters
August 2013 30-years, but who's counting! You have an entire year to plan your trip to the Midwest!
Katy Perry, Robert Ackroyd Get Close At Coachella: Singer Cuddles With ... - Huffington Post
Just so no one worries, likely going to be off Twitter for the next two weeks. Have work travel & lots of talks 2 give next week, and...
Hank always has the right answer to a problem - enjoy! :)
It's midnight and both bats are pointed to me on the stadium clock!
Horny hour 1/2 off all drinks starts at 10pm only @ hornyhideaway
I'm here too Fancy Lad.
of course, put "steppin out" in pandora, and got "human" by human league. Pandora=Born to make mistakes. Buzz. Kill.
Funny thing about Notess' session, I've actually been looking at Ebsco for a few months.
I just witnessed violence for no good reason. So sad that people have so much hate in their hearts.
Christian rarely is fully clothed.
Good morning y'all!
Nick Jonas for president
follow back so I can message you back...
what were you saying about Saunders' D?
yup and it's only going to get worse.
yes you are!
still confused? What are you wanting the server to prompt you for via stdin?
educate yourself and be independent....
Let's go Devils!
With the lovely tonight <3
Niggga be money hungry out here though!! .. head be low..so i bow down...Fam begging .. trying to get my own ...but these folks smh!
Doc's jealous. Search the NYTimes and let the bullshit artist know what you find.
Welcome to a club of losers
that sounds dirty on twitter, where important you going?
I can, on occasion, be mean. However, this was definitely not one of those times.
#Ploop(: word of the day.
Tuesdays are kind of like turning 20 it's a new day but it's just kind of in the way.
Smashin some chocolate covered marshmallows
omg my phone screen just broke GREEAT.
Heard through the grapevine that the building where the Comet is, is up for sale. THAT would be the spot for an Ace/Doug Fir.
Hey , you should declare Free Comic Book Day a national holiday.
guess ya dont have work today.
Let the riots begin in Vancouver #Kings win haha
Get a $5 credit on your CPS bill by taking this short home energy use quiz.
#3WordsForYou Just be yourself. (:
Goodnight. God Bless.. #Decomposition Comin Soon!!
You said you never lied to me and you never will...well what do you call this
arent u one
RT : Don't try 2 win me over w. cover letter. I know Y ur sending me ur picture. Probably not reading the whole thing.
you're welcome! Enjoy your day.
4 out of 5 dentists recommend Robin Hood: The Game over Candyland.
Bias? I think someone's just upset :)
Graphic Design can make or break your marketing material! Check out or products and rates they can't be beat!
I'll.just borrow money from my younger sister(; lol
speed boat.... ALREADY
It's the only game I have. Shazaam. Big Game Out!
haha - it was his hawaiian shirt under his jersey - coolest man ive ever met maybe
Oh.. Alright weellll goodnight.
I'm distraught about the insurgence of sweet wines - not talking about real dessert wines but junk made for people that don't like wine.
I appreciate your concern. Thank you! I had trouble with my web connection. Glad it's working now.
339 Followers! Lets shoot for 400 By Wednesday! Please Help
please rt if u didn´t now you have ecuatorians fans
My twitter app is acting funny..
Sacramento Kings trade away #7 pick for John Salmons, pick. But why? We think they're gearing up for something bigger. www.bartenderme.com
<3 “ without you two I don't know what I would do”
Who wants to bring their sick friend egg drop soup?!
Thanks for your support, John! I hope you're having a great day.
What it do? Miss u guys...
So glad the sun has decided to grace us at #sxsw. Looking forward to hanging with tonight
Opinions about posting interview questions on site ahead of time?
Thank you Kemya! (I know I'm so late! :)
#youreGoodInMyBook if you make time for me
...I plead the fifth.
It's not really a discussion if the prof is just waiting for you to say what he wants to hear.
good things come in good time!
i was bout to sell this one too...lol ill wait
I just watched Garden State for the first time in over 5 yrs & it was completely foreign to me. The soundtrack is still amazing though.
Got dem young niggaz dat will hide ya body parts.
Floridia born. Vegas rasised ALWAYS a Heat ALWAYS will be
Wish I was there to see/ participate in this! Love you girls!
the system....lol :( ugh gulp...umm how do i retweet? anybody....
Feeling bad for your ex...
Hey Detroit we r hiring nail techs contact us
Brit but can't stand beer; know my way around a wine glass only too well.
I want to get a pair of polka dot rain boots
Do people from Philly really have an accent? People tell me I have one and I never know what they're talking about.
If I don't talk to someone soon I'm gonna scream.
Sunday special at Zaxby's of Jeffersonville... Bring in your worship bulletin and get 10% off your order.
Lets do lunch, Fatty. Bacon & mayo sandwiches on me.
At some outdoor art show in Calabassas.
how'd it go today? hope you had a great run!
Sometimes, you have to cross lines to see where the boundaries even stand.
I hate eating salads, honestly they are not really all that good
and us. RT : Happy Mothers Day to all those lovely mothers out there.
Spam in any way, shape, fashion or form instantly turns me away from a business or organization
I think we should make some with guitars on them. We could bring the trend back, but they'd look a lot cooler.
musicians need to be paid to play Perpetuating this idea that music isn't worth paying money to see makes this scene and its music weak
I did though have been out of town for a few days and was waiting to get home so I could write you a decent email. tonight.
hey i luv yo song! #get lo!
I was at Opening Day. Would love to snag a bobblehead tomorrow, but I'm not sure I'll make it. I'll let you know if I go.
thats a big ass fact tho and most niggas dont even think like that. Cause i sure dont man i really dont. money was nothing to me
and don't forget to add that the defense scored two tds.......
Remember, THE HONOR SYSTEM?! ( the band ). watching the michigan fest DVD does that.
For those wondering what happened to my envelope of receipts: the station agent says someone will retrieve it! Soon!
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." -C.S. Lewis Set a new goal and be sure you include a deadline.
Tell me what's FUN in the ROC?
Depends what result you think you want to produce.
You prepping for High School Football yet?
How about a close to accurate impersonation without hearing it but knowing the results
RT : Weird: Twitter did not pass MySpace in traffic until September of 2010. I am honestly surprised. O_o
I was looking at my twitter numbers and I just realized that I don't have "followers" I have "disciples".
SOME not ALL.
is it next Thursday yet?!? I am MORE than ready for the midnight premiere of The Hunger Games!
Watching do homework as i do nothing
Tiesto Tomorrow ! You dont want to miss out!!
new video hot i need ass like that lol! :-)
Actually, it is my daydreaming about the party on Labor Day. You will probably be there...
Now I'm imagining listening to the My Little Pony theme song on his new headphones.
WHY DO I EVEN HAVE SPLIT ENDS. I DON'T EVEN STRAIGHTEN IT. WHAT THE HELL.
The Fake ESPN having to change their handle to because of a contest with their followers is funny stuff.
Up at 5am going over my conference schedule for #SXSW interactive. Kept dreaming about zombies last night. #isitasign?
Having a nice day with Mom, Dad, and today at Grandma and Grandpa's house. Now if only they'd share their dinner with us...
Fast Facts: Enhanced Perceptual Functioning focuses more on the superiority of locally oriented and perceptual operations in autistic...
Hey HilariousShit! Thanks for following!
I really dig 'peerpress' and want to call the mindset for using it 'peerpress-ure'
Stuff always breaks on days your trying to leave work early!
[Rom12:4-5] The Church is the Living Spiritual Body of LordChrist-we have many members but are one body in him & are members one of another!
Just came back from donating the money, and I raised $100! I'm very proud!(':
I'm fine Thanks.!!!! I just had a party.!
I love how no one realized how good the beastie boys were until MCA died
you can spam me any day :)
Hello Everyone! Working on some material. Hope you all are having a wonderful week in the new 2012. :)
. I never said that. At all that's bullshit.
Don't overlook the search options in the Grades tool. Great way to filter students by score, etc.
I Totally Geett You ! ;D
#Hulu please get new commercials!!
Happy birthday ! Thanks for all you do!
Highly, highly recommend That Bird Has My Wings, by Jarvis Jay Masters.
Pretty sure these jokes are just a phase. They will only last for a little heil.
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 20
Shit! Why aren't you in MY class?!
I'm so tired so nightly night!!!😞
im gunna break her neck first.. and then take her so called "brains" out
GO STATE! RT : Those veterans deserve to see #1 get upset. Do it for America.
I know, right? RT : RT : I miss the smell of my elementary school library
I was out door to door yesterday in my hoodie, Cause it was raining. Only 2b told I can't wear one anymore
Vals will be on tonight at 10 and 11. thanks
omg its sunny for once 😲☀
Omg I love #TheVoice this is so better then American idol!!!!!!!
Early visit, did you hit the gym? RT : I'm at Anaheim Town Square () (2180 East Lincoln Avenue, State College...
Uh oh RT : #nasi2012 We're back. And this time my phone is fully charged.
Eating Boston Baked Beans!!!!!! Are they not the best candy ever?
Today was with SABRINA DEA and LORENA in the amusement park it whas CRAZY We were on many railways and we ate a BIG MAMA cotton candy
I want the bills to defy Russell Wilson in the 3/4 round depending when the latest we can get him is
Topic was the nature of wilderness. Not sure when it will air, but will keep you posted!
'Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong.'—Calvin Coolidge
so was I until I though about it.
BTW our open sign is broken at the moment...we are still open like usual!
Thanks. Wasn't meaning to tell you off about a + button but was just thinking I should do more googliness. Does anyone use +?
Welcome to IEPPal's new twitter account. Thank you for following.
I swear I can't wait for school to be over, cause I'm tired of people waking me up! Last two weeks, thank god!
Who does Aaron Garcia think the best quarterback in AFL History is? Himself. Nothing against that. The man is an legend
Show stresses me out. Can't take it. RT : I recorded 10 hours of hoarding today this show
glukianoff, thanks for following us on Twitter!
you too!!
Babies man, some people need to learn to grow up and be mature
I also would have gotten a tattoo of it too though
thomas,louis, julian and i need friends gor them and i need four emenies that are girls
Walked out of the house this morning and left my lunch bag sitting on the table. Hello Monday.
♬ Re-release of "In The Words of a Song" cdbaby.com/cd/BobJames2 only available as download, also from I-Tunes, Amazon, Last.FM, Rhapsody ♬
Brothers home a doing very well.
having split personalities would help with being so busy.
I love the way you lie... Haha JUST KIDDING! If you lie to me again, I will throw a brick at your face.
can u please wish my friend kayla good travels on her move to hawaii?
I'm hungry!! Aha..
me too!
I'm eating a sandwich hoping that today will go by fast lol
I've been walking aroundmy house with my sunglasses on my head for three hours and nobody thought to mention it until I was about to lea ...
Except that it doesn't taste good and fills you up too fast. And moral? Really?
The news today mentioned its important to self check to make sure you do not have breast cancer, Please DO! Also, Make it fun, ask for help!
“ Right here .” Non textin ass.
Thrilled to see my friend on Twitter. And she's even hit the #lrnchat circuit!
you should let people know that they can listen live with iPhone on the espnradio app
Grass roots = something created by Fox News advertising
I wanna skate like old times with my old friends.
It means that this round of #ArtPlace grant apps was extremely competitive. More ppl want to do this work than AP can fund
oh I'm sure he NOTICES. I mean, CMON. LBJ's HAIRLINE has it's own twitter LOL
Alright, , I was wondering if this was a subject, today
I'm here for the weekend but I go back to GA today. ill be moving here on the 15th
kind of a bummer of a day...our womens hockey team lost in national championship game...to the Gophers. Still a great season!!
PR lesson of the week, #mombloggers are the nicest!
Thanks for the connection.
just banged mu leg up in the accident, had to wall with a cane for a couple of weeks
Are we supposed to dress nice for graduation..
they played "hold me now!" :)
Do not know how I went to grad school in Wisconsin. It's 57 degrees in Vegas and I just described that as "freezing."
vintage hipster ken, these newbies have nothing on you!
watching "Pool Boys"
Happy July 4th!!!
racist seaweed
Damn proud of my team. Wouldn't take anyone else in the state over them.
Good morning
That please is SO Good!
How refreshing it is just to sit down and shed a few tunes.
If you want to succeed, you should strike out on new paths rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success. ~John D. Rockefeller
Awesome!! I'm trying hard to resist the urge to say,"told u so!" Kick ass, Paul
★HARRY STYLES★ we love you! FOLLOW ME AND (:
Paintball league is about to start can't wait
#NowPlaying "Motto" by Drake ft. Lil Wayne and Tyga
Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday John!. Happy birthday to youu!! :) God Bless You!
Top of the twitter feed: RT The lunatic is carried at last to the asylum a confirmed case,
Give It 2 Me
$10k would help us research huge spike in birth defects & infant mortality in Iraq during/after war.
Nashville today lots of drinking, wearing stupid hats,hitting every bar in town. some call it St. Paddy's day.. I call it Saturday!
disappointed by how much or how little?
Minding your business creates less problems. If it doesn't concern you, it shouldn't involve you!!.
I've been trying 2 empower women & myself & I forgot we also have to empower our spouses! How can we do that? #LoveLanguages. Ck out my site
I dont have to feel like that. So I won't "" from that song anymore. Lol. Maybe next it'll be from The Layover or the New Album.
pulling out all my weird election day superstitious rituals, praying wins tonight at the awards. big love, chef
Shark sightings yesterday at Tiburon. What a great tournament he has put on here for fans of all ages. Final round today
Thanks for the love. The pirate love. Arrrrr.
If Seager is available in your ESPN then grab him
I think it is awesome that so many of the Microsoft team innately understand the need for Citations in Govt like
jbsbarbie is back
#bourbon slushies are most certainly in heaven... but sounds like you're close! ;)
Ha Ha came at my neck! RT " yo this chick going in homie #AintGotNoRespect"
It's Walker and the Fat Man live from Wisconsin... LOSERS!!!
You must be taking the flavor train to flavor town.
A weak man is just by accident. A strong but non-violent man is unjust by accident. -
STOKED! Getting my tax return money tomorrow!
One of my cousins has cute friends  me likey
RT if you are excited to see us at Jonny Craig's comeback show!
most beautiful sound in the world... Besides an A10 warthog blazing it's 30mm cannon
She will do her best to screw up the recall in Waukesha county. She SHOULD BE IN JAIL FOR SURE!
Well, here I am. I keep hearing all kinds of neat things about Twitter, so here I am, finally!
Tip off the day: if you are in pain then try painkillers. If you are not in pain then try not painkillers.
Brek Shea&#39;s Blog: Trying to ignore the transfer rumors
AAPT - WILL SEE DOLLAR LAND - Watch and learn :). Big accumulation happening in the .03's - about to pop. Called by me first at .0013!
thanks big man
Don't invent in people what is not there.
Our next #NOLA swap will be in March or April. I'll be sure to share the exact date once it's confirmed!
I do not want to be at work right now. And Im working a double fml
I'm still waiting for this game to turn into a Yankees Classic.
What group-friendly attraction do you like in Milwaukee? Tweet us at
yeah I'm thinking of the blanket or a water bottle humidifier...thinking about it, blanket's probably better
Rain, Rain, Rain....which means you are in need of new Rain Cosmetics stop in today!
Thanks for having Dr. Dave speak on energy efficiency/being green at the breakfast yesterday morning! What a fantastic group!
Haha do you say eh at the end of all your sentences? Lol and I have a friend from canada.
Exciting things in the works for Ex Libris coming up...details soon :)
Oops! We will be shooting today with who is AMAZING! Excited to get in the studio with her today! :)
I'm sure your left handed counterparts would disagree.
thanks man. Pretty excited
how are the fans out in phx these days
Great time with the youth from Highpoint in Memphis. Talked on Gods heart for the nations, poor, hungry, homeless, naked & justice.
Tired, waiting up for teenage son to come home from movies, I'm feeling my age at the moment,ugh!
do you know if there will be one kit for everyone to use or should we bring our own?
yes absolutely
lol my names actually Naomi, but I'm great lol wbu!?
How ironic that #ThomasKincade died on Good Friday...let us all pray that his paintings do not rise again. Amen.
. Have just had the privilege to read #11 of the 1000 copies of Nin's "On Writing" could you blog on how this book came about?
The sun has managed to squeeze its way out after 5 days straight of rain here in NY.
OMFG! New house gets Bravo. My life is made and I'm totally set now. 😊 missing the Internet though.. Oh wellZ! YAY for my channels.
If you could be the best at anything, what would it be?
bahahah I'm so funny!
Watching best of bollywood on AVS TV and making tracks on my resume...
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has. - Margare…
FINALLY saw The Avengers, and now I want to Kick. Some. Ass. Feel good movie of the decade.
Awesome :D did you guys have fun?
Ok, Twitter. It's 3:30 AM. I'm still awake, and working, and miserable. Redeem me.
fuck this game
We have an instagram everyone go follow us! Creator_hxc
Want to find out more about NAIOP Wisconsin? Join our NAIOP Wisconsin Linked In Group, Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter!
It seems to hang and not let me add in the activities area. I can never add anything in there. Do what you suggested did not work
Yep. Dixon was working out for the Ravens recently. SMH
movie theatre would be fun job, I worked for a while at Camelot music in concord pushing new wave bands during the mid 80's
So glad to have my roomies when he going gets tough. Love you and
The weather is unfortunately delaying construction today (insert sad face)
Got it! Thanks so much. Just signed up. I'll send you an email in a few.
LOVE AFTER WAR !!! - Zaona
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THOSE BORN ON THIS DAY! For someones birthday only being celebrated every 4 years, it's the best we can do...
Following the workshop happenings--barely started and already exciting convo. Everyone say hi to !
" Just got a tattoo of a goat" nbd.
#Nw #BGC8 reunion When does the ratchetness begin? Oh yea twins aren't out yet. Lol
could definitely be in Tucker's car ☝
One great thing about being an student is access to the #AmericanSong database & adding Booker T. & the MGs to my education.
youre incredible too!! *cyber hug* I LOVE YOU SO MUCH and can't imagine my life without you
. and I will take our Blazers GM speculation to the radio airwaves today at 2pm PT on
I noticed more graduate students than ever. That's a good sign, I think.
We aren't Rhee. Who are you?
Lasagna got my stomach Fucked up
Wishing all Bandit teams luck today!
*talking about Stiles* Mr. Martin: "He's been there all night?" Melissa McCall: "He's been there all weekend." #teenwolfseason2 Aww! <33
haha well that's ok!! So then do you work the whole week or just weekdays?
did you want to exchange people or beer?
just finished season 1 of game of thrones. it should be called "underestimate your women at your peril"
RT : When we were younger, The Falls was where it all went down though
ahahaha that is really funny. doin it right....
I know it's so crazy!
Good Luck this weekend! I wish I could be in Coldville USA!
omg i just died at that lmaaao XD
The World is Dieing,
Doctoring on my computer then getting needed programs.
REMEMBER UNITY A JOURNEY OF HOPE we may be in the running this year again!
OH: #Newt reminds me of the weird friends who would randomly show up at my father's parties.
Do this California Golden Bears
Endless fabulous ensembles and wonderful commentary by !
no kidding!!!! Facebook won't let me login to twitter. Stupid. :(
I know is waitin for that call! First Sville alum to get drafted let's go!! SOMEONE MAKE A MOVE AND GRAB DJ!!
#Giro 41.4‑41.0 Some nice aerial views of the compact little town of Montecchio
RT : you must ain't see them Alexander McQueen joints they $315<---add some change I'm getting some pradas
That was a tough puck to block. That series made history and was crazy! There's always next season.
4wheelin for the first time
We think fast food is equivalent to pornography, nutritionally speaking.
I be trying to lay the knowledge to em easy. Lol
I can not go on twitter anymore in the morning cause u am late to school.
This doctor taking forever!!!!!!
For the love of God, can't my life just be good already...oh of course not. Cuz my life is supposed to be a living hell.
obviously he was confused
peanut butter cruch doe
Mornin' Friday,I've been waiting for ya'! Big story today:students in big trouble after posting gang initiation on web. We have live reports
TFN President Kathy Miller will be live on CNN during the noon hour (central time) to discuss the "One State Under God" license plate.
Learn to drive its just snow
if Obama cared about food he would not have appointed a monsanto lawyer for his cabinet!
Saw Kevin on the metro ^.^
Chinese and movie night
--- Thanks for the RT!
I just voted for in the 2011 Veggie Awards for Favorite Celebrity!
RT Congrats to on election as WA State Dem Party Secretary! Youngest Officer of State Party! (cc & )
good morning beautiful! :)
No disrespect to those who have em but fuck that shit !
matts grad was today goof. I told u that lol
We hope you feel and look amazing on this special day!
dude, you are always keeping it real! Much swag!
Similar to my philosophy "If you wouldn't say it to your grandma, don't tweet it" RT : Tweet only what you'd be proud of
wait, all these years I've been humoring YOU!! Lol
You are very welcome:-) Good pic.
Eyewitness report: Athens Mayday 2012 | International Socialist Group
Wrapping and capping the Wings season up next. How much different will the roster look in 2012-13? 248-848-1130.
Man I know Dr. Oz is a good guy but I swear if he told people that drinking motor oil daily was healthy they'd do it lol
Finished with day one at the UX immersion Conference in Portland, OR. great class on Mobile UX
Cool toolkit for data visualization
Hey thanks for all your help! You will be missed.
Kill off the haters in a single shot....
Whodo you think will win the Mayor's race? Will there realy be a runoff?
yeah, just saw that Walker has more votes reported so far than all the dems put together. did not expect that
Does anyone know how to get and account unsuspended because my other account was suspended and i don't know why. Please help :)
ha yah mines 2 from tomorrow. Sounds like a #party is necessary
Guess I can unpack my suitcase now... Finally. Lol
RT Never forget – if it’s not enjoyable or fun, you’ll give up on exercise too soon. Whatever you do, make sure that it is fun!
wish I was there looks like fun. Tell all the crew I said hello if you see them
LOL, I must stop...
missing out lol
Air and Space Museum offers interactive games and 4-D theater.lets go together today at 2:pm
Had fun last night was a dance an I had friends sleepover then we got donuts this morning!!!!!:)
“: Is it bad that I enjoy working on Saturdays??? #TooMuchAmbitionSyndrome” Work it Saturday to own it Monday
Snow's a comin! Wish I had some hatches to batten down.
some days a bug, other days a windshield. Feel better...
don't forget about us <3
Thanks for the follow, Ray. I recognize you from hearing Elaine talk about you. Glad to be connected here.
Pretty sure whoever is doing 's wardrobe on is a BIG fan of
who is your life pointing to the worship of..yourself or the Lord?
hahaha well last month it was in the 80s and this winter has been pretty awesome..it's fun u should come up
lol...i like ur drunk tweets
why do you have that?!?
some one is happy today
- will be in #Vegas for her sisters 21st and the pools and nightclubs works certainly be a way to celebrate.
Today is an especially exciting day. Tonight is College Night and Banana Pudding Milkshakes are HERE! Deals start at 5pm.
Our specially priced preview tickets for #CHILDREN are selling fast! Previews until Oct 26. Book now: www.tactnyc.org/resources/children.php
looking forward to it!
nice! Are you doing #mybootcamp with Grant or the other trainers?
It bothers me when a 4th grade boy knows the meaning of gay but can't do 6X4
Get your #uglysweaters, obligatory presents, and obnoxious family letters ready #Christmas is fast approaching!
That is not your favorite flower!
how is amen corner playing this weekend? as always its lookin pretty special.
man my night aint over wats good twitter hmu
your turning 21?!?!
Why are Mondays always so 'eh?
Maui Monday teaching day today.
yes you would bring from the 219
cocaine addicts have white Christmas' every day....
hey hey Rodney ....can't complain...looking forward to being back in Philly soon I'll keep you posted
Yes. Unfortunately Kohler Co doesn't want anyone to enjoy non-Kohler-owned anything, so the shuttle doesn't leave the village.
Kid ink- time of your life
Excited to talk to librarians about THE 500 at our booth 1311
YES thank you for the link!
I now follow
All Month Long Whiskey Bar is featuring $100 Bottles of Hangar One Vodka on Friday Nights! Call and make your reservation today!
Hey - where is 97 mins on Pinterest from? Google reports them @ about 16.4 minutes.
you at #dh11? Me too! Coffee break?
I'm writing again. I'm singing again. Guitar, you are mine.
Reading of the first and second sleep gives me a kindred feeling with the 17th C.
Rangers and veal parm wit ziti for a birthday dinner = so much win
im off school tomarrow and friday, and i have basketball practice for the next 3 days!(: what are YOU doing this weekend?<3
What happened to Xavier? Are the still Zipping em up??
I love it when i have to struggle to breathe, thanks allergies.
we got plenty of time for another one, maybe two. If they could avoid the week ends though, I would appreciate !
Imma big fan!!! Can you PLEASE follow me back??
Take a picture of the screen to quickly save anything that is being shared on the screen
Real leaders view themselves as part of the team - they're simply role players who have a job to do...
So turns out Matt Flynn is real good.
BANG IT
What's realtive humidity?? The sweat that rolls down the crack of your ass when you are fucking your sister
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHICA
I got flash out my
I graduate in 18 days I better see all my twitter followers pretty faces there
Happy First Thursday!! Passing out ICED samples in front of Perlas with ! Come by and say hi
People don't like it when you change because the ways that they used to manipulate you stop working
Thanks for following us!
Listening to U Smile... :')
$52,000 closer to a cure. The event was a huge success! Thank you to all of our supporters!!!
i have a million shows to watch tomorrow and i cant watch all of the, because of my stupid dentist appointment.. :(
Just finished a cognitive walkthrough of a mobile weather app & immediately wondered if it was going to rain tomorrow.
How do you convince a person to tell you a story and how does that work with getting the rights to a story?
:: You Can if You Want Too
That mini heart attack you get when you reach in your pocket and your phone isn't there.
Had a blast doing the photo shoot yesterday. Love our great vendors Chasen Shaw Entertainment, RM Photography, and Eventures.
Seminar NY Actors: Nicolosi & Co Legit Agent David Cash TOMORROW :30PM. Just $69! Email for info
David Banner, keep that body right and tight!! Watching The Confidant.....
Cleaning my room looks more like an archeological dig right now. I think I just found some socks dating back to the Precambrian period.
listening to man overboard while thinking about amanda seriously makes me reeeaaaally happy though like i am smiling so much
Thankful this am for all my Mommy friends for tips, tricks, advice, & support!
Can we run and shop at the same time?
you can say that again!
Big day - Trusted Ally Home Care is finally being recommended for licensure AND The Slipstream demo is getting closer and closer!
The Giants getting a lot of help from the defense and we can't capitalize! I'am fucking getting pissed!
Why do all cabs go off when it starts to rain and I don't have an umbrella?
Bam Margera of MTV's Jackass, rescheduled this Wednesday at American Junkie at Old Town Scottsdale!!! Don't you even dare miss this out!!!
It's always a good day here when Ken Tanaka stops by to chat!
they were almost as scary as Lesley Visser
Thank you! And likewise! :)
So the wind pushed me into my car AND shut the door 😂
I just looked I wonder what happened cause u were the 1st per I followed and now its liked I just followed u?
You're sweet!
Thinks its funny that my sister seems to be so concerned with the sound of the iced tea making in the coffee pot...
Happy 60th! Fun show this morning
Dear 8:15am presenters #PLA12, sorry you got the sucky slot the nite after so much alcohol flowing. also, sorry I'm late...again
Very much welcome ! ;)
I got a whoppa in da car 🍔
Where I'll be in 5 years ugh I have no clue if you do let me know
So glad I got to sleep in! It feels great. :)
Thanks for the suggestion!
doesnt matter, we won...
I can just tweet you the public link if you want ^^
Got alot done today, Still working on price list for show. Merchant machine is on it's way! Almost ready for Art and The Vineyard Eugene OR
S/O to because I love her like a sister and she's my geometry buddy <3
"I know very little about acting. I'm just an incredibly gifted faker." - Robert Downey Jr.
In second period on the first day of my senior year of high school.
Good thing my fav pizzas come from Ledos. Hope they're not voting dumb too.
my mom gets mad when I raise my voice when she can't hear me ? -__-
You know there is mostly just one or 2 things seperating you from love.one u have control over n the 2nd ..u dont know what it is
u ever think the refs rig the game without yall knowing?
Hey Plugging in the SleepNumber bed in my room would really have helped.
HIGH eNERGY DAY ! Making
A simple touch and I'll get you to moan...
Thank you beautiful, be sure to tune in and watch my friends Patent Pending LIVE on the billboard music awards xo secondfam
I kinda wanna screw trivia and just dance to the stylings of the DJ...Tanner.
I've never been so happy... Is this real life?
And when I close my eyes and drift away. I think of you and everything's okay, I'm fially now believing. :)
Already tried all that.Tried on PC laptops, desktops throughout library system. Total mystery.
lol yea ur right. Guess there's no way around that. Hoes will never disappear, smh lol
On set waiting for filming to start.
Share your pics of the conference. email to .
it would make my life complete if you could notice me, your honestly the most sweetest and talented girl <3 Love you! #FF <3
RT : Who is this Ella girl and why are so many hipsters saying they're going to coach her?
Really sick of people calling two hours after their appointment to let me know they can't make it
hey Phil!! I like your face, will you marry me?
Are you going to watch POTUS's State of the Union tonight?
The Super Mystery Jackpot clue is: It's by a female artist. The Jackpot is up to $80.
Show love & be sweet whenever u can, u never know wtH somebody is going thru..1 day it might be you going thru it...then what? ♥ All xo's!
Have a good trip!
can borrow my hand
at 's house adding some new settings to
Im getting my mic today, I couldn't get it last night. But we'll play some xbl tonight homie
Nothing that i have to share.
yeah you are so mean!!!!
Real quote: Hey, what's with all of these bugs in my urine cup?
You're a Mets fan
Come with us May 19 :)
What doesn't kill you might come back to finish the job off so keep your wits about you
"yes" I needa type it tho.
I FOLLOWED HER :)
Good call! RT 'Don't use the word engagement. Customers don't use it, so don't use it, it's just a fat word'.
Beach day is calling my name
Me too!!! RT : Excited for our Pure Romance Party this Friday! 😜👍🚺
Doctor sez: bronchitis. Inhalers, and nasal spray, and antibiotics, oh my!
ANTS. Swarming ones are the worst - they just freak me out.
haha yes it was
RT“ #Pisces are known to be bossy at times.”
Why is it that I am always the one to break down and finally talk to you.
GOOD LUCK!!!!
you already know + a lil bit a chron-tanamo bay
#Weather Forecast for Thursday
Artist. I you are going to upload a song for DJs to download it, title your tracks properly
TY MARCO FOR THE LOVE! #follow this cat
At what point can you just kick people out of your house because no one is going to be able to finish this fucking game of Trivial Pursuit?
Damn last night was a good night.
This will be the one summer where imma have a to do list...
“: Wanting to text someone really bad but your to scared<<” my life ok.
let it sink in! soak it all up like a sponge!
I have had mountain biking fever for at least a month now!
RT : #Actors #RecordingArtists #Broadcasters Stuff the ballot box w/ #YES votes for by 3/30
How many SB for Prince on the year? 20? 30?
Seven need to hurry up
the toothpaste you got in your eye?(:
Todayy was funn at school c:
Happy SWELTERING Friday...yinz guys!!!
Well, what are you waiting for?! RT : Have you saved a life lately? When you donate blood, you could save 3 lives.
That helps you eliminate a number of names right from the start
Aaron Hill dogging it again. Why is he not on third right now?
Is watching the most epic show ever reunion part 2
and trey hollowood are my favorite party dudes
many thanks to Nicole Rome who REALLY helped me out today with some iclickers!
lol people these days
SO FUCKING EXCITED p.s. fuck you
lol ok I will
Five Myths Of The Enterprise Startup
Curiosity killed the cat, but mild curiosity just made it squat awkwardly while sniffing.
Did Rondo get struckin traffic? When was the last time a player forgot to come to a playoff game?
Follow the guys of !
Starting the night off right 🍻
I wanted to watch it on a #Slapjack movie night!! But couldn't wait. Glad you liked it. I think I almost cried
Only God can judge me
Trynna brain storm
thts gonna b do sick man!!
Shaq: "Chris Bosh is an 'other'."
Another successful night in the studio, just wrapped up a session with for the homie
idk man, some bitches are too stupid now a days.
happy winter solstice festival!!!
“Worries go down better with soup” ~ Jewish Proverb
Sorry, I checked my email and had some pics in.
sure they did
Eat within two hours of a workout in order to repair muscles, keep them strong, and prevent them from breaking down.
I need to learn not to get nervous under pressure, almost lost the chance of winning a prize at the softball game 😳 still won it though😁😜
RT : Find and post local events on www.ServiceBox.com! Neighborhood-based people, businesses, news, groups, events and more!
Everyone follow Great cause in wake county!
nvm dude, just watched the video..is renonites your new shit with MEL?
Good luck today!
James Marcelin was waived by the #timbers for non-soccer issue, while the club signed D Stephen Smith for 2012 season. Most interesting.
I don't only listen to rap, hip hop & slow jams
Btw, , if you haven't met yet, you should. She knows her way around a letterpress. The WSJ says so :-)
Even if it rains tonight, we'll get you in - the venue is covered, it's huge, we won't make you stand in the rain! #BASHH details:...
#WhenWillYou ask for help? You know you need it.
give your mom a hug and a kiss, miss you mom, happy mothers day
Sometimes I'm too serious. But it's my weight--not my humor--that will keep me afloat.
Note to self: put my windows up next time I'm going to drive past the wild safari park. Rhino butt? Pe-yew!
I finally changed my profile pic lol yay!!! :D
Adonis Zipper Pouch @ www.kandizone.com
Happy birthday ! Hopefully that hand will be mine when isn't around this summer. 😏
I am addicted to g shocks I'm going to get my 3rd one this year I love them things
cool and nm just at home bored!! Ugh TN is boring!
You're the 100th person I've followed. Congrats lady
things are great thanks, have a new stylist with me too!
(sigh) there is a break dancer here to audition.... I SO wish I could watch :/ love me some male dancers!
I need to grab a Snickers and stop being such a diva
And Vancouver could ruin the parlay after the first two win! Luongo sucks!
really the one day i leave late for work columbia parkway is closed for a mudslide. fuuuuuu. so annoyed. tonight has to get better 😡
Car GPS Buying GuideOemCarGPS Blog - gps units for cars
happened to me too xD
don't tell me about it. I bet it's the worst feeling ever. Lol
I def will!! Miss you too! Is your pi day out of this world?
Loving what is doing with tonight's lineup for the Fish. it's gonna be a great one tonight against the Teddy Bears.
Time to see what been up to
YOU DON'T LISTEN NICK!!!
Twitter I've missed you! New job--CAN'T use social media. Gutted.
“: A great OK STATE football season followed by dismal basketball season. What's happened to hoops tradition?” Fire Ford
I expected the worst, but I gotta say I giggled all the way through Little Fockers. True Grit tonight!
Send me your email address. I'm . I have a few that might be helpful.
google apps for education has diff rules, can change setting to block incoming e-mail or out of network (school) e-mail
That show sucks. #justsayin RT : West coast- Tune in NOW for a new #first48 followed by #first48missingpersons at 10pm PST
THANKS TRICIA...YOU DO THE SAME!! WEEKEND..AHH..T/F/S...
you should fill her whole stocking with reeses cups! And the xmas tree ones!
Okay Chicago Bulls fans, seasons over...maybe next year...
that record has a innervisions vibe to it but it's dope nevertheless...
So glad you guys enjoyed yourselves!
When i can have a drink. So, probably months from now.
no! I'm a way better fighter then you are! Can't you see my awesome fighting skills??
the #clippers will prevail!
Dangerous inspiration, friend! I am so ready to not come into this place! One of these days I'm going to turn off the alarm & z!
don't lift more than your muscles can handle. gradually increase resistance instead. control the weights-don't let them control you
Billie Holiday... create a Pandora Station and life suddenly leaps, skips, and dances with fun and childish glee. I would highly suggest it.
and then what happened? :-)
#AGoodRelationship Is based on Trust
I'm bummed that I can't make it to the show when you come to Houston because I have cheer practice ):
thanks, glad we could be a part! Please thank all your drivers for us as well!!
get it girl :$
I think it's sad I have not one pair of sweats
I know this bc this is the first time your store has asked in awhile. I'm 31 years old.
nope she would never lie to me!
o fareal I ain't no cheap hoe doe
Leadership is understanding that to influence anyone's actions, you must first help them shift their perspective.
After all you and I both know experiences also teach children. Tweet me anytime. Tweet! Tweet!
Ladies of San Diego! Check out INTIMACY in Fashion Valley get ur bras fitted CORRECTLY! It's an upgrade u don't have to pay for! Go grls
#ADMERICA Come to Joe's Crab Shack Friday 3-6pm free music, food, social and Hispanic Marketing.
looking forward to your talk!
#Icanttrustyouif you've never seen Mean Girls. That movie is So Fetch!
RT robocalls are generating a buzz.
Missive from the Internet: "ADD THREE INCHEZ TO UR MAN MEET"
19 of 27 precincts in, and Buddy holding the same lead.
Didnt go to basketball practice!
Matt Kuchar looks like a skinny Ryan Leaf
saw Ur hubby last night. We missed u and the little man. Till next time
here I come
you too!! i hope you're staying out of trouble!! haha
The part a bunch of folks appear to ignore!
hey wuts up
And to be practical, this would set them up for life. They could choose what to do from now on.
Excellent papers on superhero comics' race troubles at
Aw Why thank you ;)
early birds gets the worms
Best song.
Inspiration or nap? RT : I was struck so hard by inspiration, I think I just lost two hours of time...
Want to meet up at #icsf ? Shoot me an email rumor has it I pay for coffee.
Hit the pedals one , make the floor shake ~
Ha ha ha. Bless your soul. You really think you're in control? Well, I think your crazy.
hey Ricky Ficarelli !! lol hmm how is your school work going? Are you almost done?
Me too probably stop by Khrisetta if she's cooking maybe a couple others
Wat YA'll doing for Thanksgiving????
There is a huge playoff matchup for this weekend...HUGE
Isn't that written on the Taco Bell sauce packets?
B is for boy, and balls and bats. And bikes and bears, and banged up knees. RT if you know where that's from! ;)
FOLLOW BACK EM.
How do you get support for this iPad app? I just purchased a pilot upgrade and can't get it to work.
Moving websites from server to server is a serious pain in the ass. Such a monotonous workday.
Camera Fun Time. Today's Assignment: capture some fist bumps. Practice your directing skills & ask 2 people to do a fist bump. Pics & vids!!
Always hate how CBS drags out the selection show every year. Show me the bracket!
They don't clean up as much. When I need something vacuumed, I need to use a real, tough, wise old vacuum to get the job done.
#PuffPuffPassTuesday and #MardiGras! What else can u ask fir??
Coffee sounds like a great idea. Happy Friday!
so good seeing you too! Thanks so much for inviting me back :)
Love it!!
My story on invasive plants, especially garlic mustard, airs at 4pm. Seriously just want to go home and pull weeds right now!
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - establishes which spouse is responsible for paying off debt.
RT "Genius begins great works; labor alone finishes them." Joseph Joubert
I see a pattern
Bullied thru a swing/grave double shift, now back to my normally scheduled swing.... This is for you, Pip... IT'S GO TIME!!!!
I do hateful things for which people love me and I do lovable things for which people hate me... I am admired for my detestability.
EVERYBODY MOVE YOUR FEET UNTIL YOU NITE IT OH OH OH
My heart is my iPod Filled with music You on auto-play Every love song ever written I push play:))))))
Oh wow. I can't help but take away the pink and hair and see a stubby-legged dachshund AT-AT. :)
If my crack was out then I would feel the breeze
omb I feel the same way! I better be seeing you at prac tomorrow or I might die...
yep its installed now. Didn't even realize they updated till your tweet
did being sick make u speak latin?
boycott Target this holiday season due to that annoying chick in the black friday commercials
The duration is 2 days, 0 hours, 6 minutes and 0 seconds Or 173,160 seconds 2886 minutes 48 hours (rounded down) FOR PROM !!!!!!!! :)
Oh my goodness! We played endless hours of solitaire on those Treos! :)
John D. is piercing all day until 9pm! Come on down for all your piercing needs! Also Aaron Campbell has time for tattoo consultations!
Now following
Sorry for the delay while I was on vacation but thanks for the mention. I appreciate the support. Stay safe!
oh wait..
Asked Adam what he was making for dinner. He answerd in a Julia Child voice, "It's a surprise!" I love him :)
This Means War!!
Thanks for all the new LIKES!!!! Welcome!
congratulations!!! Now the fun begins
It's cool rain, fuck up a good week. No biggie
SHE WASNT REALLY TRYING TO RUMBLE!!
jajajajajaja LOL RT Dad, can I get a new phone?|what's wrong with your iphone?|grandma keeps using it to call her new bf -,-
Perhaps of lack of creativity.
haha I love leg?!;)
i will  thst mf and  his if that mf doesnt check his  
Vanessa Hudgens Straddles Boyfriend Austin Butler Poolside (PHOTOS) Whoa, PDA overload! Confusing the resort ’s patio as their own priv
I love playing mind games with a guy that thinks he's the one playing mind games.
Great question. RT : How has reading a live-tweeted program been meaningful for you?
Don't love giving suckers to kids at stores, but it is brilliant at liquor stores. Kids are satiated and I get to time to pick good beer.
gonna play defense
when it comes to looks your bumping big time one bad chick
I hate it how we can text 24/7 but when we meet it's so awkward
Wait till you hear d tape my nigga! #GAS RT : Heard that off the ground by that's a hit bruh
Bath & Body Bistro will be at Los Ranchos Park (on the corner of Rio Grande & Chavez Rd.) today from 2-6pm. We'd love to see you there !
Nancy Grace has my vote, & her dance partner is good looking 2 :)
Try Me Hoe
i gotta see what time ima be done with my workouts tomorrow and see if i head over there
Beware if you have your stuff at on aurora. 7 breakins this month. Get your stuff out before it's liberated for you.
you rock! My train thanks you.
I'm quite familiar with that. It is quite hateful.
C7 Trivia: What is Circle7's connection with Revolution era serial killers The Harpes?
Have a great time tonight! :) The box looks amazing! Great job!
Craving homemade pasta and loads of fresh parm! Any #foodies in #sanfran have suggestions?
Looking to promote Recycling in your SCHOOL? Get involved with America Recycles Day! www.Americarecyclesday.org
Late night Greek food, while I burn the midnight oil, its gonna be a long night, but the paper isn't gonna write itself.
Who Wants To See Some More Photos From
Tracking and mixing for my new song, Mountains of Madness is done. Next step is mastering at Treelady Studios. *exhales*
is the yogbox compatible with macs?
i think im starting to become a Kanye West fan
nice cock
" No goodmorning texts "
what leaked ?
Loving the Bridesmaids ladies
you want em'! It's all about work and dedication.Get on rt eating regime,and metabolic workouts.Drink lots of water n a fiber Supp.
I will be at the El Rey Theatre in LA with this thursday! Catch me if you can
oh my god me either<33
“: Ray lewis 'is this my last time as a raven absolutely not'”
me too
hey thanks! I love writing abt events I'm interested in. I haven't seen exhibit. Totally want to! We should all go!
My favorite is Thor c:es so cute.
Good luck! We'll be sure to check it out!
Working out while watching the food network
I dipped my pooh bear in that honey pot. xD
During a media interview, keep your cool and deflect questions with humor when appropriate so you don’t get ambushed by pointed questions.
Now it's really going to be a celebration sensation! Can't wait.
geez im not handling this mca news well.
Happy Holidays! Merry Christmas!
Austin drunks: Who has good drink specials on Tuesday?
Don't have a pipe. Never will.
I really want to see this. Looks interesting.
Thanks brother
hello from SoCal and thanks 4 following.
good to see y'all at Crs let's write again soon
what was the last 5k like, i.e. when did they decide to stop their recovery run?
Anybody want to tweet about #Blues music tonight?
RT : It's Friday! What are you reading this weekend? The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer! It's pure genius!
lol!! Let's just say a basketball is involved :) hehe
We're going into withdrawals, lol.
Just saw Think Like A Man! Great movie! It was hilarious. The cars, and city scenes were lovely. And that new John Legend song is nice!
Change your pet's diet over several days.
*takes cereal* thank you. Where are the bowls & silverware? I don't know my way around er...this kitchen.
If the product IS the first of it's kind & WILL bring big change...best way to approach subject with you? Customer?
I JUST WANNA BE
NYC FREE PRINTING DELIVERY > www.800printingnyc.com > Graphic Design > Printing > Magazines > Newspapers > Poster Printing is our Specialty
this week before finals may be the death of me
yo i want to get you on a track w/one of my artist get back at me IM me
I"d be tempted to take myself to go see the Avengers but I should defo not be driving right now. *hic*
in March sometime.
i hope so too
"Ugh. my brain feels like it just went to 24hr fitness" signs of a great story breakdown session.
Hate when I search a brand on #socialmedia only to find out they don't have an account.
They left... now to sing at the top of my lungs.
Bring me the horizon was beyond amazing !!!! Such an amazing concert!!! <3 amazing bands with an amazing friend :-)
Wtf did I just say
South Sudanese in Shakespeare play, a call for peace
"learn to code" != "become a programmer" (via user "andrest" on Hacker News)
grant got pulled. good idea. told it would have been funded. not a priority for library/tech support right now. economy. I am tired & sad.
#teamfollowback Let's go. One more person or more <<333
P-towner's need to check out portland monthly. Cool feature on Atmosphere clothing. Support local
Thanks for posting this awesome article and for the RT'ing!
is going to be ON Tonight! Arrive Early and come correct. Tables are Highly suggested to make entrance easier!
ru home?
Finally gonna get my haircut in like 10 min... It's about dam time.
MAX Service is disrupted by Equipment blocking the tracks near Lloyd Center... Shuttle Buses are being used...
Nothing wrong with a little flirting lol! Glad you liked the performance on the wendy williams show - The Storm
It's a sweet life! RT : I'm going to start living my life through
Must be nice to have a $96M deal after a rough year.
So I hope all the gifts have been returned...unwrapped with care... :)
Stories bookstore in Echo Park, Thursday night, 7:30...b4 I head out to 's kingdom in the desert. Yea! Excited!
i hate beenin in my last class of the day..........its so freakin long
there's your web gem.
Omg my nephew is 6.4" only 15 with dimples!!. Women kee your filfthy hands off my baby! Arghhhhh
sure,what time.I take off Mondays but I am usually there for a few minutes. I will schedule to be there when you are there.
Help I'm so bored.
Those #braxton sister are a mess. I love them.
best food ever
is on KGOU NPR today at 2! Tune in, punk!
was she fat? sexy? im tryin to picture it in my mind
it's fun. I have never been to a live soccer game anywhere (not counting AYSO!)
Our identity does not come from the creation, but the Creator.
Some great Native American wisdom there.
: RT : "Three-quarters of people find jobs through being out there, engaged and meeting people."~John A. Challenger
love love loved this weeks episode of The Secret Circle !!! watched with
I only know my mom's side! My dads side is in Cuba!
RT if: someone has ever told you they loved you. and then left like it was nothing.
So excited for mothers dayy.
Back from bellingham tired of stupidity
coolest pool table we'd like to play on!
Fortune favors the brave – Virgil.
HAHAHAHAHA. that tweet made me laugh.
UGH. I want my headache to go away, so I don't feel like poop tonight. :(
Congrats Dan & Emily! Much deserved!
Chillin at home #pretty good night.
yes but its on June 13th so frustrating as its so close to the right time and a place I wanted to go when in london
With the risk of sounding redundant I'm going to have to say it again, this March Madness is really living up to its name, whats next?
We're setting up some awesome tour dates... Where should we come next!?
RT : Hydration nudgie. Go drink a glass of water. Before enjoying Happy Hour or Dinner down a glass of H20. Refreshing.
nothin spooked her i made her mad lol
Global Hematology Instruments and Reagents Market to Reach US$5.6 Billion by 2017, According to a New Report by Global ...
Joe Girardi doesn't seem so desperate to save his job with pitching AJ in Game 4
just saw you smile & wave to ur fans at Fenway! Amazing game tonight!!! So worth the 5 hr drive! RT me please!!!!!
Marcy says yes you boys should do that! (He'll see this in the sent tweet list. ;) )
Woh, both and on ESPN at same time, turn down the bright lights on those domes!
yo we gotta figure out this housing plan
wasn't that the guy with the voice so deep that he'd make you cry? Lol.
Last night in the chi. Whats the plan?
Philip Philips!! If he goes home im gonna be so mad!
I don't understand whining about corporations. Nike's workers will say, "At least we have jobs. Shut the Front Door, Yankees!"
good morning melissa
EVERBODY GO SEE s COVER OF "DOING IT WRONG" KAY? its amazing :) js..
I will love you like you love me, unconditionally...
Thanks for including us in your "Best Blogs" post! :)
good luck , rock it
Thanks Marshal! We really appreciate it!
scraps celebrated earth day all day yesterday.
we're like *this close* to all NHL games being simulated on XBox.
Thanks for the shout-out on news at 10pm tonight. Please keep the weather forecast looking good for Saturday!
I hope it doesn't rain!
I will be voting in this upcoming election, I believe you have ideas and experience to lead this country.
Those men were in fine spirits. They regarded the entire affair as if it was a picnic. They were ready to fight.
#shoutout 2 the tru men in purple n no Im not talking bout the Ques so sit back down I'm talking about my CUZZOs of SLB happy founders day
Stephen A. Smith: "Initially my initial reaction..." <--- right where he lost my attention.
CAUSE THEY SEEM VERY CLOSE IF GREYSON WENT OUT WITH HER HE MIGHT DO IT AGAIN
In my eyes ur like the sun so warm but yet so cute,without u I may die,cause I cnt keep living in darkness thnkz for bringing me light
about to get this cypher going
I'm Determined to win these.
Extra, extra! Eat all about it... IT'S MUNCH MADNESS HERE AT THE FUJI!
#weirdfactaboutme I have to watch YouTube videos to fall asleep
Dnt run away from ur problems they might be faster then you lol
goodnight(: & I loved blogtv tonight.Love you.<3 xoxo
Add me on psn ( peyton112 ) please add me please please please please please please please please
Montréal trip is booked! So excited to be staying at the beautiful hotel ZERO 1 Montréal again!
well thanks for shuttin me down. :-(
Mr weatherman, i know its storming out... please get back to my Spiderman. Thanks
Thanks for my burfday show I loved it!!!
Kewl! Which episode? (Sometimes I miss GG, too.)
place to read, reflect, research, share
I'm hoping to enjoy both #corflu and #gally. One because it is near home, and b because I'm staying at both hotels. ;)
#DaGut is always welcome. Let us know so we can make sure we have plenty of Patron on hand!
1 more goal from Hanover it will be a great start !
“: You know ur busy when u don't even have time to drink a shake in the morning. :/”but you had your vitamins, right?
Conrad Murray found Guilty of involuntary manslaughter of
I hope this test doesn't make me fail.
give me 10 minutes! c:
I don't think that "interesting thing" was worded correctly. I assume ACC coaches want conference champs ONLY in a playoff
I may be a bit rusty, but if the world ever needs me to climb into a triangle and shoot asteroids, I'm ready
thanks Maud...I have faith things will get better. Thanks!
uh huh. or the committee realized they were in the MVC ....
dreamtripslife ever heard of it?
A quick reminder that it’s not to late to contribute to my campaign! Contribute right now online - bit.ly/oAs3ds Thanks!
because it is the best sign ever invented and none before or since has equaled it. I'll appreciate you never denigrating it.
Although we love our friends in #France, we have to support #USA today in the
Thx for the mention. Credit to for great #nonprofit #marketing tips.And thank you for MOL!
Where miss Jackson Erin
any time, buddy.
thanks, Phil my eyewear fashion buddy!
I need help fixing my car after getting scammed by a collision company.
Hell yea man.
TY for follows!
#NewtGingrich leading SC..not a surprise to me after #Romney squirming every time tax returns are mentioned
Hello guys! I'm bored of these phiilosophic things Mr. Mature is sharing all the time. -Childish
The Brazilian food hut thingy in Berkeley is the truth. Mango smoothie for the win!
Nothing is too big for the God who created all! I press into Him with full belief that He Will Do It! Heal Daddy! HEAL!!!
Forgot to mention that there are mainly two ways of pronouncing Latin -- Classical and Ecclesiastical.
Happy Mothers Day!
I think i might just #occupy a bar stool.. what can i say.. im an activist like that.
Our fans are the best! Thanks so much for asking your friends to vote for us to play Edgefest and Bonnaroo. It really helps so much!
Saying Merp, in the middle of a conversation > ☺
2 week e-mail about to go out to the group
Thank you momma! You're the sweetest! I love you with all my heart <33
And you're awbviously OBSESSED with Juicy, which is a brand that only poor girls trying to act rich wear. Ehmagawd, puhlease!
Goodbye twitter & Facebook.
Ed Schultz has no business using "Pony" by Ginuwine as an intro to his radio show.
Visit Orlando's, hottest gay places Orlando Florida at www.hgpof.com
some of us work on Fridays until the clock strikes 5:30. Respect the dedication!
MIA so we can gain a 1/2 game on the Knicks & finish this #PlayoffPush Strong...Let's get it..
I've found that helps reduce printing. I'm using it for clipping potential products for & organizing them w/ tags.
hey. We're meeting up though and we WILL meet them!;)
R&amp;B singers Trey Songz and Kelly Rowland exercise some cutesy couple love in the adorable one-minute “Heart Attack
i think I must have!
dude so weird you hit me up I was actually looking for you! Would you be interested in doing a remix for my remix album!!?
Just bought a #volt today. Salesman was clueless. Get back to work GM and train the dealers so you aren't halting production.
Words are powerful. Words can heal or hurt, liberate or imprison in walls of anger. You are an author. Use words mindfully to give life.
Not doing Maker Faire this weekend. Between a MythSoc BofD meeting today and Daddy convalescing, I can't go to anything this weekend. *sigh*
"Music is what we need when language fails us, but we cannot remain silent." - Dr. Cornel West
No one is ugly everyone has pure beauty inside and out and that's without makeup on
“: I hope that J.K. Rowling's new "Adult Book" is secretly about "Harry Potter - The Grown Up Years"” YES
don't kid yourself. he is looking at products for himself too! :-)
Smooth head again!
RT if your praying for the Innocent people who died on 9/11 #911tribute :'(
And Blaine Gabbert's finally going to get someone to throw to.
For some reason, I really want to be my cousin. He's just good people who radiates charm and positive energy.
no homo doe lol
I am glad I have u
what in the world are you tlkn bout?!
no need to talk like that Christian. Nina will kick your ass and then cut off our dick.
RT : Q3 Meeting the requirements of the Customer, Usability, Quick Adoption
It's going to be a great weekend! Can't wait to get to & hear MUSIC! #ACLFest :)
me too!
#AAPL stock down today...propelled by prescheduled #insider sales of shares, or the #market sensing a real problem? #buyingopportunity?
o dates!!! Fun fun
#nbafinals sidenote: remember when volkswagen commercials were clever/funky/intelligent/unique?
who r u
"If you ain't got no money take your broke ass home..." I let my daughter know, too. (Listening to Lipstick Jungle tracks for motivation...)
Shabazz Muhammad clearly the MVP-favorite at half. 15 points and 5 rebounds.
I love twitter. Its legal stalking♥
Whoever designed those white mostly see thru pants that girls wear is a god in my book
“ I need to order new glasses. ” don't be silly, the blinder the women of the world are, the hotter me and look.
Thanks for the follow Mary Jean. Gotcha back!
Engineers could once eat lunch inside the computer (air conditioning) -- an amazing journey from that point!
oh I am so ready. Glad you're coming.
People who like this weather are psycotic
you should follow back ^_^ lol
I got what I wanted a goal to bring the crowd to life.
...hoping a table with a flower garden view will be the inspiration I need to write this next section.
the issue, in my opinion, is lack of sensitivity like the relative who shows up unannounced at dinner time with a big suitcase
Not personally but would be happy to look into it if you're interested.
Looking forward to our first summit in sunny Boca Raton, FL October 21-24, 2012. Application for interested men will be available soon!
Walk out each day. And say thank you for acts of kindness. Without today, tomorrow will not be.
idk man maybe tomorrow...that coo?
I think should make his entrance music be "ride the lightning"
casting speaking roles & extras for directed by Submit headshot and acting reel link to
So i guess its time to get this cover done for the mixtape Promo coming soon...
cool! I'm going to follow them!! Love your blog and pic on your blog!! You are a riot!! xo
I feel badly for Steve Nash, I wonder where he will land up next year!
May 20th is right around the corner! See you in Danville! More info on the ETM website.
5 days until Cubs opening day!
As much as I would love a game 6 at home, just win baby!
5 days left til Th Reign Is Over get your free download @ www.thorobreadentertainment.com
Watch and listen as Joe Hite performs on the piano , tonight and tomorrow at 9pm.
Tonight we pick up a World Series Game 1 Winner on the Cards...
I was runnin in circles I hurt myself just to find my purpose everything was so worthless I didn't deserve this but to me you were perfect
Happy Easter!
Have you seen my emails? Would love to know what is going on!
um the love is mutual!
- no doubt! And #Shaq is in the TOP 5 of All-Time Great Centers!
Just When you think you know someone they show another side!!
you know I would have! Occupy #scms12;)
yo nigga give me #RETARDED brain ...Shit... i feel #SPECIAL !!! lmao -Don Trip
Is this a challenge?
Getting my hair cut x) but I'm awaiting for my turn
our pleasure! & I hope you like TREASURE ISLAND
I can confirm getting called to a Judge's chambers is very much like getting called to the principal's office.
Happy to be home in Hollywood. Im Beat. Going to bed early, so excited for the #ShangrilaMansionParty tomorrow. It's almost 2012, wow!
Digital humanities and the future. Engaging roundtable so far.
rocks! They utilize Videotel for our VP68, VP70 and VP77 for their awesome exhibits in San Diego, CA.
good job presenting the Bears showcase
On our way back to Milwaukee from Chicago
Yes he does sometimes.
%age of Adolescents w/Type 2 Diabetes=45%. To the youth, there ain't no tomorrow if you don't control this today. Get Healthy, Eat Healthy.
Hello Metroplex !! Even though it's Wednesday , Mambocafe Dallas it's like Friday and that's how we want you to feel !!
I'm traveling to Germany from Feb 23 to Feb 27 with
0A1.1. General rule. If your description and display standards need explaining to users, you're doing something wrong.
RT : You might see some Katies on WCCO at 6 - many gave "Silent Shout" w/ #deaf hip-hop artist Signmark!
Ok it team grizz time!!
Tru Blood is the best show ever...can i get a amen?
Choose not to settle. Pursue your God-given goals, knowing it’s never too late to accomplish everything God has placed in your heart.
also animal porn.
& you guys bring on some awesome authors to your webinars.. don't ever stop!
Art museum is closed today, but next best thing? RT : dudes, we're open until 10p tonight. let's do this 4th of July.
Happy thanksgiving. Hope everyone is having a great day.
/usr is hosed on my notebook. Fantastic!
Don't let go too soon, but don't hang on too long.
I hate onions :(😝
Lovin' the gorgeous sunset over Nashville.
Congrats to Bellarmine University men's basketball team for winning the NCAA Division II Championship!
To be honest I don't think my friends ever saw me cry before.
I just got a phone call from the automated do not call registry.
you can hope...
weren't 3 of those pujols hr against tx in game 3? Or is that not in post season?
Ate pizza(Pappa Johns)Got a new printer(Kodak)Went to Ranch Market(mexican market-O)for the first time.
So Joe and I are accused of having a stomach for gore. Hm. Death by violence just isn't a pretty thing.
Listen, Lord, and be favorable to me. Lord, be my helper - Psalm 30:10 (please retweet) -- Psalms & Proverbs ()
duuuudeeee.... I don't want to drive there
So glad for the update, and even more glad all has been going smoothly!
New I,I sounds amazing.
It seem like some ppl brush their teeth n forget about the tongue 0_o
She doesn't know this yet but is my new marketing guru! She is the best. Do yourself a fav and follow her!
i basically inhaled my food.
: Then why did we execute Japanese for waterboarding during WWII?
#iCBallers where we play.develop.succeed. Good morning tweeps!
u have too much faith in me;)
Always great to chat with you, Traci
Good ol days
Gettin a cat-scan for valentine's day! Woo-hoo!
Blog teaser: There is no "I" in Content Marketing (well there is, but it's a little guy)
I need to smoke now but these weed man's ain't tryna make some money tonight!
I just spent last 2 hours @ Oliver Rec. Talking w/ a Dad who grew up here himself. - Anybody who's spent time at these, knows we CANT cl ...
...so does that mean the original Star Wars trilogy is irrelevant? Millions of fans would disagree.
Grateful for all of your good deeds.
Great to hear from you! Send us an email at @ and we can chat!
RT - Baseball will always be a legitimate distraction in my book.
I never understood that line. It's so ambiguous yet they keep pushing it...??
CHICAGO SHOW - The Elbo Room - DYNAMIC BOX & Others - 6-11pm - Sunday, Aug. 1st - MAKE your weekend Count! ROCK!
In west virginia. Hello west virginians
Just left your show in Madison with my 15 yo dd. Thanks for the awesome memories - your harmonies still move me to tears!
was my 11th follower!! I still remember when you used to answer my tweets!!<21
Really appreciate what this presenter is saying abt the scattering of indigenous records and the need to cooperate to provide access
Physical therapy help to keep the muscles strong above and below the knee and help stabilize and range of motion.
I wont be 'mrs mahone' but i stay forever 'mrs mahomie' :D<3
A new golden era: gold rush in the Yukon
HHHOOOOOOOSSSIERRRRRRSSS!!! Suck it,
Robbie just grabbed my arm & used my hand to hit me saying "Stop hitting yourself!" Thank you for teaching him this.
Wow sabers if y'all played like this all year you'll be in the eastern conference lead meh
(for you, not for her. Faking suicide is a horrible thing.)
a Mexican haha duhh lol 👷 what's this guy
#2011RemindedMe when you're young everything is possible.
Just gave testimony in support of AB 1568 (Hernandez): " believes all forms of discrimination should be eliminated." Passed.
RT Pierce been clutch from the cradle...>
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist.
#CNNHeroes good luck. I love you all...amazing isnt even the word.
Vintage Tiger.
hm what to do?
No need to worry about going out during finals because I won't be hungover, ill be drinking
when did go to Kosovo?
Gonna beast the hell out of KOC2 today. 90s puro all day son.
I'm still sore??
Just tripped like an idiot and this dude saw me. Lmbos
Thanks for the follow
Wild times at LAX tonight and Dinner at Social house lets go!
I made it to the 500,000s :D hahahah #finally :b
Tennis Pro Milos
Are you still going through the seasons of #24?
“: It's good. Nothing great tho!” Really? Have you had Five Guys burgers? I like those a lot
What's your favorite way to celebrate St. Patrick's Day?
there is no reason for you to make this. You might not like Austin, but that is no reason to make an account about his dad.
Pretty funny but true on the guys wandering around. =)
"Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it." ~Leonardo da Vinci
Congrats!!! I'm a proud #SAG member too :) Love our #union!
Every day, I try to be grateful for something. Today, I'm grateful that is my friend.
haha your welcome!!!
Heading to Chicago tomorrow! Counting the moments...whoo-hoo!
Cosmo poll reveals women find men who write paragraphs about The Avengers sexually irresistible.
Those days when Disney Channel had :Thats so Raven , sweet life of zack and cody, And The little Mermaid. ware those shows wernt annoying!
we're loving your blog recently. Especially the New Years photos!
We make ourselves a ladder out of our vices if we trample the vices themselves underfoot.
Can't wait to have you stay with us! Will this be your first trip to San Diego?
: Los Angeles Film Festival Day 3.
Thanks, we do what we can!
Long hike in Mission Trails Regional Park. I've earned my brunch and afternoon pint!
happy b day(:
thank you! I LOVE them!
“: I had a great fucking day.” Its about to get better too. RT
I love someone who can make me laugh even when i'm in a very bad mood.
I really like this shot of u
appreciates your continued use/promotion of all things QWiPS. And yes, we think you should you for questions!
We play Launchpad tomorrow. Introducing 3 new songs and our first show with 1 singer. $4, 9pm, 21+
WI Firefighter Union head Mahlon Mitchell tells me he's ruling out a run for Gov, instead focusing on Lt. Gov. Story 10pm
I will forever hate violins
Can a veggie burger ever be more appetizing than a regular one?
Change of plans haha it's gonna b like 100 degrees tomorrow so I'm just gonna wear vans....
wow... did u go 2 practice?
Big time! RT : it was fun but so HOT! Have a great week
thank you :)
lol I know u know what I mean.
Its okay, & omfg I legit just went too. lolol. I'm gonna go to bed now, I'm sleepy. good night hoe.
lol I wish! I know I have too much stuff. Trying to scale back now.
Good-humored, unaffected girls, will not do for a man who has been used to sensible women. They are two distinct orders of being. ~
My cold will not go away! My whole class has been sneezing and coughing - Thank God it's Friday. I will be sleeping as much as possible.
RT : RT : "We're fools whether we dance or not, so we might as well dance." ~Japanese Proverb #quote RT
Yay! Stop in and say hi to David, he's in the pharmacy downstairs! Have fun!
At the game.
Tag Sale till 5pm in #chapelhill. Books, CD, vinyl, house items. CHEAP prices! Come on over - Eubanks Rd across from the park and ride!
I'm pretty sure Whoopi Goldberg is Lil Wayne's real mother.
When is the deadline? :)
Oh yea...happy birthday!
Got new headshots from Photographer Jenn Hoffman!! They will be up soon!!
Gotta have it.
My friends left my house, so now I'm just watching se7en again.
no surfing today -- tsunami!!!
One hell of a night 😄😏
Well, any time :)
what do you mean ? it was
Appreciate my blessings and opportunities.
my bucket list for this particular #endoftheworld only included margaritas as prep for the next one
haha you heard that too? Lol at least we know why though!(;
BBZ I LUV YOU (a good email or a bad email?)
This bill is now a death sentence for thousands. Worthless as a health measure. Shameful.
life seems 2 be full of disappointments, u barely get any breaks and then BOOM, UR LOVE BREAKS UR HEART, life is worse than a bitch
Everything's great bro. Yeah, trying Twitter out. I like it. It's cold today. But you already knew that.
Just so we're all clear, I wouldn't take a bullet for any of you.
RIP Elizabeth Taylor. I would shed a tear for you, but my over indulgence in plastic surgery prevents that #ABQ thanks for making me pretty
I don't sign onto this name as much, which is an issue, but I need to make a resolution about this name!
Curse you and your irrefutable comebacks.
Partially agree. Failure of govmt to control banks & mortgage companies caused housing collapse which sucked several $tril from econ
So Jehovistic theology stated: behold, the man has become as a deity believing in the doctrine of the reality of evil;
hell yeah had to in the projects lol": Like , If you ever dropped food on the ground and then kissed it up to God, then ate it!!
I wish people weren't sleeping..... keeping me from singing my heart out -__-
Needless to say. I accepted the challenged
2 babies and the dog are napping, and I'm drooling over the rainbow that is the NOV issue of Can you say heaven? I can!
I've learned that bringing props to a training doesn't enhance the training unless you use the props for a particular purpose!
Omw to B.K with the fam
#Drama causes us so much confusion, we miss the point, & don't speak substance.
Hello Lucky! RT : AND THE HATS GO FLYING! Evgeni Malkin gets his third of the game! 7-1 #Pens! #hattrick!
Great senior shoot 2day, just got home from rock girl casting call shoot & in 5 hrs we'll shoot children's 5k at #millerpark!!!!
RT : We are excited to be apart of walk tomorrow! Come to #UNLV tomorrow for a great event! Walk starts at 10:30a!
get on my level.
Warm up on the way to work with a cup of Darjeeling and a Blueberry muffin.
Like you I haven't had the time to get into shows! Example: Modern Family absorbed 2 hrs of last night I DID NOT have to spare
By walking to work. RT Finish the Tweet: I show my appreciation of the environment by ____________.
#ATL Show us @ door that you're a friend on Facebook & Twitter to get $3 off cover! Karaoke/Spoken Word Open Mic 11/10 7-10
": Put that project your working on in your resume now. Mentally finish it. Make it awesome. And do everything to get it there."
Had a great night with three lovely gentlemen. New for me; I usually only see double.
Now im in detention with a girl that carrys around a blanket and half the time wears pajamas #why?
gypsy kings, roaring fire, glass of malbec & design magazines... Perfect way to enjoy the storm.
Make you lose yourself, & finders keepers
I want Bruce Buffer to introduce me at every important event.
TRAFFIC: Crash - Wb Belt between Todd Dr & Fish Hatchery Rd. - 2 cars involved in the middle lane. Delays
Happy Easter everyone:)
#eatingfries #drinkingDrPepper at McDonalds... what a great start to the week! (:
I hate who I have let be apart of my life. I should be mad at myself, but how are you supposed to know what that person was to become?
haha, I was gonna say.. that is pretty awkward!
said to email them at if you want to do a workshop in Chicago. PLEASE <3
raise your glasses
Haha! It's 1. Take off glasses 2. Remove hair from eyes or get it layered 3. Shopping spree at J. Crew
I ❤ showing my fam new music... They're my biggest supporters! :)
RT ": Am I the only one who feels like an iPad folio case with keyboard built in is overkill?" - Depends on your use case.
#Napa locals check out #IDSNapa.com Remodels, Tenant improvements#
how are you....I'm doing well.
#itsabeautifulworldbecause God loves us all.
I'd settle for a new governor. And not one named rebecca.
thanks andrew!
Abt to curl up & end my night by watching some powerful motivational videos by !
Arrogant broads with the false sense of flyness get the #unfollow with the quickness
Reminder SaMo: the lovely is teaching kettlebells tomorrow, while darling carves out ur Core :)
#FF my favorite directors and - both David s hm...
You are so very welcome...and thank you, as well, for uncovering my eyes.
I'd say both can be used for impression management, but pinterest has better affordances for browsing previously posted content
Excited to be joining the 'NFC Apps & Services' panel today at 10:45am MST at the Smart Card Alliance
Just not believeing that Lakers lost to Denver!!!
Haha, no. Awesome! Tx
many thanks for the newsletter. Congratulations on Porch House feature in Details!
"Twitter is about friendship, charity, faith, peace and love." COMING SOON #TwitterMovie www.riley'sfortune.com
you go to private school?
Today's Sandwich: Ham & cheddar on a French baguette with lettuce, tomato, mayo & a cup of soup....$6.95
i would do the same thing though to a dude .dont asked me nothin if I don't know you
I forgot about that bs but you just want to keep it going. You have nothing else better to do than bring up drama that was forgotten.
But my sis still was amazing as always and we manage to still pull it off:)
The Next Step School of Dance Presents "Rhythms of the Last Decade" in the Theatre tonight at 7pm. Tickets $8. Box office opens at 6 pm
I did it all for the Footy, the Footy…
: Just dawned me... Any advice on what to google? round decimals to percent & jquery?
Next i have a math exam
i guess
Wow, it's Thursday already. Tomorrow night Adrenaline is rocking at T.J. Mulligan's 64 in Cordova. The shows starts at 9:30p.m.
Absurd! RT : Re: Kim Kardashian ....how ridiculous is it to spend 2 million on a ring!
yay good! it's gorgeous out!
I always thought the opening sequence should have used GOLPH cards instead of regular cards, but it's still a great film!
My schools messed up. For detention you have to stand up and stare at the brick wall for an hour
Mac Makeup will be closed today from 6pm for a private event, be sure to do your shopping early!
Driving across border to buy lottery tickets? I think I am...
: I had a good 15 years with her. Rescues are the best
bout to go hit up starbucks and talk with my buddy bout cool shirt designs, was hoping someone got Raiders,Niner game tickets todayformybday
Quick! someone help us get another follower, we are on 666. haha
Im so blessed with my wife she takes care of my skin with all high end peels tht would cost thsds! 💗u babe!
Sometimes cutting ties to even good things are an essential part of the growth process.
I would join in, but I'll be in Chicago! You, , and I will have to grab belated birthday drinks in Harvard come April.
Only stopped briefly toward the end of a 3.5-mile run. Considering it's been 7 years since my last run, I'd say I did fairly well.
They want a mixtape so I'll give it to them
#myfavoriteeduapp Beautiful badges!
I'd like to note that it is nearly 9pm and it is still light outside.
Back to work after a week in Vegas for a conference.
Even when I try to start a little something it always turns into failure.
Fuck!!!!!! #illhaveanother can suck my dick!
#WEEI is taking over 93.7 - so I guess #MikeFM new slogan will be - Mike FM - we play nothing!
BUY IT! What are you waiting for?
yes, I could do w/o the "welcome to California" earthquake. Pretty wavy on the 11th floor of the Hilton.
pretty much ....
what is wrong with these people? love is precious. god blesses us with it in many ways. its rare, hold on to it. same sex or not.
I gotta get you something kinfolk!!
Joan Lippincott: digital scholarship ctr gives libraries a new service model, with expert staff and high-end hardware
67 here near Highland Creek/Huntersville...
Y'all need to follow one of my best friends One of the best actors and dancers I have ever met.
Had an awesome time w/ seeing our friends at K99/Dayton today! So excited for the show tonight w/ in Springfield.
Wrapped! Time to celebrate!
vflidushglsdfiuhgldusi I wanna be back in Nicaragua so badly :(
Very interesting. I signed up.
QHT tonight for a little birthday brew if anyone is interested
haha, ok I'll give them a listen and we'll see
hell yes we do.
You can always tell who is the good guy in movies cuz he is usually kill 15 bad guys by himself
We have a special going on for black fashion fit tees with printing.
Who is seeing fog this morning? Lots of it out there, let us know what's going on in your 'hood...
Taking a half day at work to put my still undefeated 2012 record on the line.
LSU's safety Clayborn, got a 4/100 on the NFL strategy test. He won't be going pro in something other than sports.
I'll be at the Driskill around 6:30 to find the dinner horde. Phillip.
Just finished math STAAR, can I chill all day and listen to Carrie underwood, and other various artists while I sleep?
Ready for the #NFLDraft tomorrow and the
watching larry crowne and dreaming about a diner breakfast
Dog treats from total hit with the pooch! Always good to have extra incentive on hand
You are most welcome on the follow :) Hope you have a great night!
at exactly 2pm. we sold every item at our bake sale, thanks for all your support! (:
so you payed thousands of $ for him to sub to you? Hahahaha people are so stupid!
I always get so much more done on the weekend. usually what would normally take at least 4 days!
We are the variation of a community college, a technical college. My dept. does have some online but I won't do them.
Time for some working out - run and a swim are the agenda for today!
Do you like your coffee with cream, sugar, both or black?
Rave car driver: Too many comparisons, too many memories. You'll never stack up against a dead guy/father of her child.
Just saw the Avengers. What a dang triumph. No, it's not perfect. And that's OK. Ruffalo's the heart of the movie. Bravo.
Mondays- Free Salsa Lesson and Dancing at Talara's tonight.
someone told my wife today that our dog was "so ugly that it's cute." i am not amused.
I know, it's amazing. Unicorn-like, at this point.
Uggghhh. So hard to keep focused on a holiday afternoon.
yup and I am slightly depressed every day that I wake up and am not there
start > search 4 "computer management". Click storage > disk management. cont...
..thank you Minister B..cant wait to hear about your trip. I know God met you there!
What a wonderful day in company of The renegades
Glad it rained. Vegas is too damn dry.
Is there any good app that will allow me to record a podcast using my iPhone? (looking for good sound quality)
#2ThingsIAppreciate 1. Ur mom, and 2.Ur dad for making u and for making u so beautiful!
My superviser said "you don't make groceries, you go grocery shopping" I said "I beg to differ, some of us make groceries"
idEK. iM scaRED.
Dear smokers in #ROC, Hikari Mart in the #SouthWedge now has a loose tobacco station and a machine that rolls cheap cigarettes.
whoa whoa...
The axe man cometh
that would be awesome! and are you guys planning on touring?
Yep & there are idiot fans and bandwagon people who hopped on in each fan base. They cancel each other out.
what happened??
hahahaha I need a break. I took today off so I literally watched every second from this morning until now.
Siriusgenealogy.com, new site for genealogists, riddled with spelling and grammar errors. Makes me question their attention to detail.
Thx - Glad you all liked the changes.
Sorry to bring your hopes down but in this case it's wrong lol
Come to 60 Upper College Rd, Swan 304 on FEB 21 7pm for a #URI student film screening and Q&A, check out the link for additional info!
I have successfully rick rolled 500 people. My life is now complete.
on what? Lol
Google+ trends: Justin Bieber&#39;s &#39;Boyfriend&#39; video, Star Wars Day
how was Coachella?
GM fam + friends. I wish you all nothing but happiness & love have a gud 1
I really wish I knew where all my math notes were! 
d other day 1 kept zig zaging back and forth in front of my car, almost killed myself trying 2 avoid hitting de little critter.
get your titties out
MT : NSB is meeting Thurs & Fri Will review the RFI responses on data sharing. Expect interesting NSF statement soon
Late Night Happy Hour at 10, just started a few new beers, including one from Flying Dog Brewery!
Moved most of who I was following into one of my lists. Only those following me and a select few show up on my regular feed now.
- start a facebook group and build it up!
Damn, let's go Celtics. #$OnTheLine
Last but not least, Peter Pihos speaking on police brutality & rise of independent black politics of 1970s
Say ah Say ah
check out my Detroit based street drama free preview on my blog x
My point is that the object in the database should control behavior. I usually do this by tagging it with its controller name
class or no class?
so excited! Thank you 4 coming to Sacramento last week! Our listeners loved it & NOW they can buy your new EP!
god morning :)
Ah, Jose. Brilliant, yet again! RT“: Just got into a fight with the invisible man or was I just arguing with myself”
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you call me short, yet we're the SAME height.
Fatheads... headhunter.. hot peppers.. burgers.... oh yeah.
someday, when I die, I'm going to reach you through all things #friends Be prepared to find a thumb in your soda
why am I an ass hole
Wonder how often during bad weather, people actually hear a real train and think it is a tornado?
If you're an artist there is still time to submit to FreeTulsa! Over 150 bands will be there!
When buying new clothes, choose those which can easily match your existing wardrobe collection.
I earned my gold card today.
Hey! I'm sitting next to you!
All I ask is for my family to be a little supportive & they can't even do that 4 me
I wish I could drop that class then my life would be so much easier but no I have to take it
where you at bro?
Why did leave last night
Decided to check out and I'm addicted. Great app. Great service.
so bored..
i'm so with you on this one...
PC by implication is things done only to cater to a constituency w/o regard for substance yeh?
so excited!
MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT: Stay tuned in 2012 for our Mommy and Me-style "Little Stars" program coming to a location in North Miami soon!
Sticking to your diet
Coconut #LaCroix tastes kind of like carbonated sun tan lotion. Where's my berry?!
Thanks Thomas!
Working on the new website. Hope it will help others create their rainbow www.FocusSocietyMastermind.com
nothing really just school and work.
hi, tonight the rest of my band couldn't make it, so i'm going to eat my drumset for you all.
Yummy and Free (#glutenfree too if you choose!) Win them on our site www.knowledgesafari.com
Just booked the first instruction session in anthropology for as long as anyone at the library can remember. Hot damn!
yes sir. This is my home and back yard.
Remember that picture I took of you on a couple day ago?
*flips back to Gospel Pandora*
As cities grow, they consume less. There are less gas stations per capita. -
Look for our sweet deal on mamapedia.com live on 1/1/11! www.bellafitnessgroup.com
Triple 9 ointment zaps the itchiest and most festering skin spots with crisp coolness. And when you turn the bottle upside down... it's 666!
I need to reread that when I'm home! It's fascinating to see how the underrepresented communities can create power this way
Are you signed w/ ? Then you have a dance day coming up on April 19th. 10am - 3:30pm. Tons of classes Check emails for more info.
You make everything possible (:
I didn't actually realize but I haven't seen the last 3 or 4 episodes, but I did luv it in the beginning
Please win this before ot..ot could be 3 am : Please win this in OT Flyers"
I never tire of listen to the Beatles or its members after the breakup
Braun says there was never a medical issue or any STD.
"I always stop to appreciate myself. Who doesn't? We all have a reflection" -BiLLY BRiCHiTT (2nd T is silent)
The Natural Bridge - Silver Jews
awesome. welcome to yoga :)
this is like a dream
Where all the fabulous people will be 12/16...HTTP://VANDERBILTREPUBLIC.COM/
Snowstorm until 8pm... Thursday... probably about a foot of snow
that's cool neighbor
whoever get that job is vry lucky
Abilene to Waco and everywhere in between, if you are in Texas, www.amcaphomeloan.com can help you with your mortage or refinance needs!
Let's get this over with.
yup ahhaha and lucky! But thats okay cause its my last year and im excited :]
Aw, yay! Love you!
Do you usually know ahead of time if your property has any potential environmental hazards?
For #EdTech success, recommends standardization to decrease lost instruction time and increase adoption
welcome to New Jersey Nets
roses are red violets are blue , hes for me and not for you.
so think to make me happy.. Cause Adam says I suck.. :(
I Dont Like Following Other Peoples Footsteps, Cause I Like To Make My Own Trail -BreezeDTA-
I'm done
or give up and move on
« Just walked past jared Allen in the tunnel, who said, we've got to stop the run man. That's what we do.»
Off to with to visit with some awesome 4th graders!
Happy birthday to my boy from the East coast! 18 is a big one! Enjoy your year!!!
Crowdsourcing Demand One of my favorite features in a web application is Demand It! from Eventful. The concept is
Today is the last day to get your groupon
I can't even explain how stoked i am.
Do you have your dreams crushed, large grey boy?
-- ciao e grazie!
coach, will cowher or dingy coach next year
Thanks brother!
Is it even legal to ask somebody to work 36hrs. straight??
That road trip after SF makes we wonder..... We'll find out because Grienke and Yo are going 2x apiece on that trip.
Nothing I ever fucking do is right.
Seminoles are the Shit No if ands or buts about it
Zach Morris > Zak Efron! RT For my female followers, I just sat at a table at lunch next to Zac Efron
The Embassy of the Republic of South Africa awards for his contributions to the struggle. #freedomday we salute you!
great organization
great show!
intros here at the #MediaSummit. Natalie says she is SO nervous.
Happy New Year, New Mexico! Looking forward to a great 2012!
Please tell your friend to follow me
Kettle and cheddar and ranch- oh my! Be sure to try our variety of popcorn flavors!
but wasn't it the opposite lol
Thanks Rancho! See you next week!
I Choose To Make A Change & Thats My Choice.
Bad #sake list = Bad #sushi = bad service, just in general, not particular
looking for a large free auditorium space downtown that can work with weird hours... any suggestions?
The Capital Chordsmen dropped delievered a valentine to COCA! One of their quartets in red shirts came and sang some love songs. So sweet!
I love you :[
Found an awesome apartment in East Hyde Park today!
I have the best nurse ever. Caught some stomach bug, food poisoning? And is taking care of me.
homework, videos, eating ya know!! Going to bed now though!!!
****STIMULUS PACKAGE***** NO COVER ALL NIGHT OPEN BAR FROM 10-11PM FREE SHOTS EVERY HOUR ON THE HOUR
how's your day going?
I think your account may have been compromised. Sending spam DMs.
Come say hi at UNMC College of Public Health booth! And pick up a hand sanitizer!
What surprises me more is the number of people using pen & paper.
my regular Sunday activity....waiting for #gameofthrones to start 👑
Off to listen to some house Beats Who is coming? /via "Pick me pick me!"
Anyone want to go to the Root Beer Stand for lunch?
THAT'S HOW YOU START A GAME 7. LETS GO.
Make Lottie's your ski lodge tonight! Come down for warm drinks & good company while snow blankets Rainier.
yeah, I "thought" I was allowed my own opinion..
I'm so mad -__-
Havin ah good day
Another show to announce! We'll be playing March 20th in Brooklyn at The Studio at Webster Hall. Spread the word baby!!!!
Oh. If it doesn't involve volleyballs in pools, or salt shakers launched 200miles/hr at a wall...I don't remember it
will this #irishbreakfast be at today?
I have one for $5. I'm thinking antacids.
Heading to the Columbus Zoo for a story tonight ! #lionstigersbearsohmy!
Wasn't that great? Definitely one of the classiest commercials I've seen tonight!
Klutzy Steph returns! Sending piano music flying off the stand AND tripping over a cord. All in one movement.
#Phillies win! 1st 3 game win streak of the season!!!!
Fun fact for your weekend: It is impossible to keep your eyes open when you sneeze. Note: Sneeze at your own risk if you test this fact. :)
guess who I went out with
Dry tech for The Fazzino Ride! Stay tuned.
March, my hurdle month, is almost over! It'll be smooth sailing from here :)
haha those were the days! Who's that Spartan in my teepee?? #it'sme
The color of your sweatshirt is very welcoming lol
Is this your first #sachat Justin? Only on Twitter a couple weeks and jumping right in. I love it!
And one of our kids plagiarized his poetry contest entry. Really guys? Sigh.
If I had my way would get the rights and make Mad Max comics.
I'm tryin to make a Cedar Point trip one day!!!
no problem. Thanks for the S/O! Keep an eye on the blog, too; great things are in the works.
i hate him
Having things in common with the person u like is great,but being exactly like eachother is not good for u, u have to be a little diffrent
ya you know me!
I wonder who was assigned to cheap shot Ron Artest when the refs aren't looking
Back off bitch
you guys need to come out here next year and watch the #Packers beat up Matt Flynn and the
We're serving authentic Irish food and playing 70s funk! The best of both worlds. The FUNK BRUNCH is going strong! Eat with a beat!
#np thinking about you-frank ocean
jay is stacks gone be gone a while
loved meeting u <3
Re: The mornings are 500 times better when I get up at 5...Amen to that! Love those quiet hours!
now he mentioned brownie! bob errey u r my hero!
She needs to shut up!!!! Ugh so annoying
love is in the air.... FALSE. nitrogen, oxygen, argon and carbon dioxide are in the air.
I'm gonna shoot a bitch
hey girl !
thanks for saying you love us we love our followers and would do anything to make them happy
Im always looking for suggestions.
Out of the $1,090. I made a hero call, got there on the turn, then he got there on the riv. Then shoved 14bb utg w 77 sb called w A10. GG me
the ghetto one? Lol
can't get to the "design" section of my account settings. Just FYI :)
We all know that and are going to bring home something orange after the kca's :)
Soutout to my Homey JRich with his 4 unit winning pick on Kent State -2. The Coalition Lives. Remember 8/23/11!!!
siblings arent all that great.
Eating carrots :3
NICE! Love the EGC. PS "Fuck you, still here" is the best sentiment I've heard in a long while.
I count seven people on this red line car who are asleep. Out of 12 passengers. We all must have risen extra early on this
Hey I want a S/o please!
#NickiOn106 is gonna b crazy, I love her,she's my idol. make it happen Nicki,leggo
Thank You!! Happy Easter!! :)
Thank God I'm not going to school tomorrow :(
Hi Nice article! Do you think e-books and online copy of books are slowly replacing paper bound books?
Looking for African American married couples to discuss the state of marriage in the Black community.
ADULTHOOD OFFICIAL TRAILER - In Cinemas 20th June 2008
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!! Its almost 3am where I live & OMG I JUST FREAKED OUT.<3
Aldo Bello interviewed Rev. Ray Kemp today for about the #DreamAct, shared early footage: #mustsee in 2012
“: scorpios and aries should never date. experience has proven this a fact. #bummed #exhausted” no bueno
You can achieve anything you set your mind too through hard work and determination
#first40songsonshuffle #17 And Then There Were None - Spring Awakening
Google CU again and then get back to me #smoke#notevenclose winning a pageant isn't having that voice #RomosplanB?
Basketball game
Good lookin out Tee “: Really excited about the show I'm hosting w the MSPCC. Everythng is coming 2gthr & every1 is confirming."
Whoa. Did they really just cheer for "let em die"?! This is scary.
Lawyers from for the #Homeless are here helping clients with legal issues. Awesome #service, thanks again guys!
Lady jogging in the neighborhood thought I was looking at her boobs. HAHAHA! Bitch please!
Aw Tom and Lynette got back together<3 FINALLY !
Happy Thursday 7!
I don't understand what you are saying...what do you mean not on the site on my profile?
Can cats see ghosts? That's what I want to know.
lol I stay laced... Lookin like a Christmas tree lol
Email me if you have any questions about it! Gotta take good care of our VIPS! :)
I am so bored
thanks for the #FF love!! Happy St. Paddy's day to you as well!
What do you think of the policy? Too strict?
Morning everyone.
I want some kool aid
I find it so funny when people contradict themselves. 😂😁
good man I'm good thank the Lord
So did T.Green play some of my stuff 4 u
i miss you too hun !! RT : I miss
Please everyone please follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it ==> FOLLOWW @ LEiLA_SWAG_ (( SOUTHOUT )) PLEASE GO EVERYONE;;
As a rule, it is best to yield to the pitch and let it come to you. But with Moyer, you could wait a lifetime.
-_- right now
#jobsong Fridays! Tell us about your #job and/or #company & we'll tweet a song that best matches!
Looking like OT
loves that called me this morning. miss you too boo!
Being sick during final exam week not working for me right now
Had the best Mother's Day w/my son Jax aka the happiest dog ever!!! He even picked out cupcakes for his Aunties - Sam & Royce :)
Complimentary tickets to Dr. Nancy Cartwright from the 2010-2011 Linus Pauling Memorial Lecture Series at the PSU Box Office
RT : Gender diversity in the workplace fires up #innovation Ilene Lang #WISEORG Numbers back that up.
Happy Mothers Day!!!
why is our son running in his sleep? I think I have a bruise
Hi Jake, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
Best question from one of the kids visiting the studio, "Have you ever wanted a squirrel for a pet?"
Gearing up for ANOTHER sleepless Oscar night.
So many hoodrats around not enough rat poison.....no time!
Hey. In today's earlier post were you explaining why OPS is good, or what? Said OPS is bad...but power, OBP good. What.
Thanks ! :D hhaa
Aw, well thanks for being a pokemon squirtle fan back in the day !
Record sounds DOPE Toni! If youre still looking for more material I got some records with your name on em :O)
Looking at more used cars today. I hate car sales men when they are pushy.
Shout out to all my new followers... I appreciate you!!!
you want to do yoga badly? Why would you want that? You might get hurt. ;-)
Listen to Your Mother-NYC now T-minus 24 hours. (give or take) Squeeeeee! Trying to remember to breathe!
If photos like that were on the phone, I'd sell them or blackmail someone to make them go away. Either way MONEY!!!!!
Just mailed my application for graduate school. Now I wait.
can u c me now
My all time favorite toast: "To our enemies enemies!"
What's better than St. Paddy's day brews? Desserts made w beer. Dominique Ansel Bakery offers a Black & Tan eclair made w Guiness & pale ale
Radio production today. Sure beats Math or English or Physics or whatever the hell you University people do all day :-P
man idk, I don't think have off from work
Typing what you really want to say, then deleting it.
Is that the scent of Eau d'Où I Want Your Job Bad that I detect?
congrats girl!
Another HOT day in Denver, 100s today!! Heading to mountains for some cooler air!! SUNSHINE, BLUE SKIES -ENJOY!! Great day 4 photography!!
ugh, still awake. hating life.
Ok Ma im not playing i want 4 Christmas doe
Any real-life tips could be useful, though. I'm still trying to figure out what I want to focus on.
Sleeping! www.icraigery.com
2 MORE DAYS!!!
Cheers to you too! From a mom of a son with autism, you are an inspiration! I can only hope my son turns out as well as yours
School tomorrow..........fun fun
so yu aint txt me yu love me ok
Dumb bitch don't run your mouth about me! This, my city carry yo ass back to the country!
2 Damn Cheeky w/Rob Keith - Tuesday, Sept 6, 2011 EST, 5pm GMT, 9am PST - only on - Get some !!!
they should be generic, Viagra patent over 10 years but Pfizer drummed up a new indication to extent patent life.
thanks for following me
WINNERS NEVER QUIT AND QUITTERS NEVER WIN
It's super-icky outside, my friends, but we're still here for ya. Fresh coffee, donuts, and whatever else you need. Stay warm and be safe!
Communicate progress towards goals w/all employees on a monthly basis, by video. Flip cam + creativity= education. Low $, big impact!
Anybody a WW II veteran or know one my son could phone interview for a school project? 15 minutes tops. Thanks.
Actor, singer, civil rights legend Harry Belafonte gets standing ovation.
We just tried in the office and were duly impressed. said "almost *too* easy...".
love you guys
well it's Miami lol
Hardstyle is definitely the 16 year-old pale cousin who where's baggy pants and has already been to jail 3x, in the EDM world.
I love planning things with my best friend. (:
Caught the HUNGER GAMES today. What a terrific film. The ending sure hints strongly of a sequel. So does the $$$ made.
really? Stupid Zombies??
only 29 days to Free Cone Day 2011!
Adorn the Wicked - Tomorrow: via
Poll party at my house tomorrow night, bitchez!!!! Lol
I didn't know you were GF. I am too!
what he do now? Can't say that I do.
SMH ... Now Why U Gwan Remind Us the bout how we used to have a 1st - 2nd & 3rd shift on Twitter ...
Pop a molly, smoke a blunt, that means im a high roller.
At all! Listen, grad school applications will eat your life. I've been a shell of my former self since about October.
There is a certain Buddhistic calm that comes from having....money in the bank. ~ Tom Robbins
It's 3:02PM EST, do you know where your children are?
(if you CAN help out with a charger and happen to be free at 5:15, please come to 204A/B--thanks much!!)
Dined at Piccolo tonight. Bourdain was not exaggerating. I am totally feeling the Doug Flicker love tonight.
For every great success story, there is a list of failures along the way
This game isn't over.
#Thatawkwardmoment the asshole friend who needed a ride turns off his phone after your other friend woke up @ 230am willing to help him out.
i'd say a tour
Don't let what you can't do stop you from what you can do. ~John Wooden
I'll be working in the communications dept. so excited to work there!!
enough of u miss teen maine
Just had the best time vocal coaching Kaylyn's daughter Kathryn for her audition for Footloose tomorrow. OMG she is adorable.
Fuck man, I did not want to fall asleep. Now i'm going to be up all night....Smh
Hunter Hayes <3
: Toughen up, chump!
Last Nights Flavor Changing on Ice dinner at was a success. Don't miss the next one happening on December 7th
Brain dead @ work…
. knows all the words to the Big Bang Theory theme song.
What do I need to do to get to send in his homework!!
If you want to know what's on your life, look @ the things you are attracting
when your ready to apologize ill be here. Not sure what's up w you going off like that, both times. Hope you have a good day
We want to hear from ACH members & non-members alike. Ideas about what professional societies can do in & for the DH community? Speak up!
Saying I couldn’t do it was the biggest lie they ever told –
No girl! You just P out the extra! (lol)
Damn... how i love San Pellegrino water!
It's an iPod/iPhone app where you get rewards for watching TV
What would i do without my brothers
What do you tag the road that Obama lives on?
not bad. It's suppose to be eggs and olive oil , but in India beggars can't be choosers lol.
Been walking around the mall all day
I would have done the same thing...
your 'favourite' band opened! I see what you mean
I did too! Hahaha. Stupid hoes.
*rolls eyes*
-c- of clothes. You don't know how much I cry every night because I wish I was prettier and skinnier. You don't know.
Call and place your Super Bowl orders! We will have a limited quantity of Patriot and Giant cupcakes and cookies available on Saturday!
I have so much no one loved only the sea and you)))))
...not my wedding
are you feeling better? recuperating well, I should say...
to surpass my own expectations and reach my goals of success so I can help my younger siblings reach theirs... That is all
Ahh best night ever <3 tweeted me again -goofy smile-
Gonna work on some youtube videos with Little Sister:). 13 more days(Feild Days),17 more days(XC),35 more days(School):/
From everyone here at Island Real Estate, merry Christmas to all of our Facebook friends!
Thank you!
RT Carlisle on his team's resiliency, "This is as mentally tough a group as I've ever had. I love this team more than any team I've had."
Jarrett Lee thinks Mark Sanchez throws too many Pick 6's
Damn RT : Its a one of a kind man! not going to be released commercially!!
While teachers teach, workers work & students study, a trickle of artists slinks and skulks the coffee shops.
Keep it rolling
cuties, have a good time bby x
sounds great! We are big fans : )
Dear #Blackhawks I am representing you in the HTCR tomorrow so probably will be asleep before game end. Please make me happy when I wake up
I love early mornings so cool, quiet & dark. But I hate waking up early cause well I am tired. lol
Great workout today!!
If you change Who you are, to make someone else happy, in the End, you'll Never be happy. Be Who You Are, No Matter Who is in your life.
Team lakers!!! But Jeremy Lin is a beast!
I'm a rational person, until you get on some BS
Almost all loaded up... Howie has been cowering in "his" bathroom cabinet.
Liam's hand looked bad and so did his arm I think he only did it once
Confession: it's so satisfying to update your email on your iphone after purging your inbox. Sad... but true.
is debating on transferring his SAG membership from the L.A. Branch to the Hawaii or Florida Branch to run for a position on the SAG Board.
What are the REAL chances of rain in the morning? I need a better forecast. Safe 'til 10?
I Can't Do It Anymore .
Lemme finish this paper ..
#WhatNotToSayDuringSex Are you going to #Eat that #PopTart on your #NightStand or can I #Have it...
thanks baby i love you ! Ans i know im so excited :* ah!
Eastbound Hwy. M/Century Ave. in Middleton is closed from Allen Blvd. to Baskerville Ave. b/c cars can't climb the hill due to ice.
great show. Looking forward to leading the WI TresselCheats over the Geckos when you guys move to the new OOTP.
A new relationship isn't the cure for a bad one. Sometimes you have to heal first to keep from becoming the problem in someone else's life.
and his morning text messages >>>>> awe que lindo :)
Kudos to Paul Pierce () for passing Larry Bird and moving into 2nd place on the Celtics all-time scoring list.
majored in heartache.
Sending your question to Dan Turner. Let's see what he says. Thanks!
First walk home from work of the season. Nice 7 mile hike through downtown, belltown, queen anne to
Dr. Bingham will be honored at 7 p.m. in the Michael D. Rose Theatre in an event free and open to the public!
Hey, guys. Thanks for checking us out. Let us know if there is anything we can do for you.
ha ha that would be awesome as long as you don't wear a uniform lol
ha! I saw that & had same thought. Kraft Table is on 1st & Boyle.
new favorite show THE VAMPIRE DIARIES!!!!!!! Watched it all night long
Ann Hood quoting Grace Paley: Ev story is 2 stories - the external one & the internal one. Climax is when they collide.
AFTER TONIGHT, RAYS MAY BE SENT TO MINOR LEAGUES...ENTIRE TEAM...U THINK IM KIDDING?!
I Miss him but why he doesnt even feel the same.<|3
Was overloaded with things to do this weekend... and a severe need of a rest this afternoon!
I saw Pajamas and her five buddies from SC this morning. All are wagging tails and seeking attention and looking good.
Dear Mr. Stern and Mr. Jackson, You guys really need to do something this off-season about the flopping going on in a beautiful sport.
Austria got it for 2015, a mere 130 odd miles from Stuttgart.
How are your spring workouts going?
Loaders always look like loaders
u should follow
Thanks! The contest is so much fun for us :)
cleaned my room , I feel accomplished .
Only you can take the widows cry and cause her heart to sing.
Having someone help you doesn't mean you failed. Just means you're not alone.
Example: Who's the suck jerk that set the clock at work one hour ahead a week before daylight savings time?
Haters gonna hate RT : Yup RT : you'll still never leave the d-league RT : I just met ...
Thanks Roxy :) spread the word!
Question: Will the winner of the 4-team playoff be the NCAA champ? Or will the title remain mythical? Cus if the latter, then it's for nada.
making me jealous cause you at kings dominion. -__-
Ask five economists and you'll get five diverse answers - six if one went to Harvard.
Maxed out the guestlist!! Hell yeah!!
#gottadmit I don't get it.
High School showcase volleyball tournament this weekend at the RVA Convention Center. Boys/Girls HS teams will be there. How about you?
if it has frosting go for it...but don't eat the whole thing!
We know it's cold out there but if you're in the neighborhood, stop by for some warm comfort food!
the betamax version was out 4 months ago!
Amazing dinner at Oyamel with and , so great to see good friends!
CONGRATS CLIF...Happy for your guys!!
wrestling practice -_-
Talk that talk ...
Congrats to and for winning the #EWR12 Kitchen challenge!
Christi tag my name next time babe(;
Worshiping Satin #YouKnowBetterThanThat Go To Hell.
lmao. Okay. Haha . Considering i might not even go to school today
Lets have a moment of silence for all of those lost children swallowed during blow jobs....
welcome to
Is there really a place to hire folks for this kind of stuff on Craigslist? Where?
wow dude that was deep… you're so right. You should become a philosopher
Mcr was the best show ever!!! The Best!!
Is treating you guys to a good time?
your music I love so much your AMAZING!!
Of course!! My mother, who loved LOF & is v crafty, has sent me many many suggestions! This will be my bookish hostess debut! ;)
Got a boyfriend lecture from my Grandmas nurse Trina...
How are you feeling this morning?
Hi, we're a new church in your area. Exciting & loving,. Check us out & follow back & our pastor
At last the 2012 Membership Scarves have arrived at the Kommandos HQ!!! Join Us / Renew today!!! Prost!!!
There's a lot of sex talk on my TL for it to be a Sunday morning!
Girls like cute dogs cause some apparently equate them to human children smh.
We should be happy for justin no matter what. We have those times where we let each other down, but hes ours and we're his. no matter what.
Pain don't hurt.. --Patrick Swayze
Just arrived in New Orleans for AAC&U General Education & Assessment conf.
makes me want a boba tea
Hopefully all of the bad turns are out of the way and it only gets better from here! :) Happy Monday!
Wow 55 followers in 5 hours!....sad thing is I will only talk to 5 .....
seems hilarious.
I love that LA transit is getting national notice. Can't wait for the day when story hook is no longer "Believe it or Not."
I do tweet constantly and you only follow 60 but I follow 945 lol.
Note to self: don't DVR #sharktank and then go on --> is a spoiler machine!
All I know is that better have been at work today ready to roll…
U Better Believe It!!!!!
Great suggestions on finding the perfect colors for your home. We have similar ideas.
Welcome to twitter, !
Blake Griffin jump to high to b missin layups
Finished the final touches on my manuscript, Predator's Tongue. What a blessed relief.
Well of course I will! I'll hook you up.
I got u son!
RT : In case you hadn't figured this out yet, the hit game-App "Angry Birds" is all about the Physics of parabolic trajectories.
#StreetView Payload Data Was Irresistible Scientific Opportunity for Google - Forbes via
Happy Bday Cuzo. Enjoy and b safe. La u w/my heart.
i love you
This show just keeps getting better! We've added the musical stylings of Greg von Portz & Ashley King! Next Friday @ 9:30pm !
I'm sorry but someone got #burreled this morning
i didn't wake up dead... the world is still here :D
I have so much respect for all at #occupysf right now. Thank you for convening in a nonviolent way to speak up for those who can't. Be safe.
That was a ringer--Braintree is astonishingly real! RT : Wait a sec... Braintree's not real?
#dh11 #alt-ac #altac Audience: what we give up is security. Valuable, but what can we do to deal with uncertainty?
All my follwers get ppl to follow me and I will get u a one way ticket to L.A
I enjoy the challenge of gaining one loyal follower at a time. Sure, there are ways to cheat, but slow and steady wins the race.
Behind this innocent smile of mine, lay words that go unsaid. Words of longing, love, anger & hate, all repeating inside my heart ♥
Yeah you are like super sonic!
2013 Nissan Pathfinder Concept - Teaser - New York Auto Show 2012 - bose speakers
bang bang shoot em up...
I love you a little bit more. Every day.
NBC29 already posted a name.
NOT SLEEPING. ^.^
You're Welcome!
Winner of the 2012 #OBA in Poetry: Curses and Wishes
I hate typing my password really fast and being like "Oh man I'm good" then having it say "Incorrect Password..." It's such a downer...
That's what the girls at the donkey show in Tijuana say to their parents just to smooth shit over
"I don't want scrub!!"
I want to win a t-shirt from and
I am strong, because I've been weak. I am fearless, because I've been afraid. I am wise, because I have been foolish.
haha "I do drugs"
Whats wrong with the Vault on MW3? I think after the update this morning it got messed up
Wow. The worst basketball decisions I've ever seen. Ever. In one night.
happy b day my dude. b safe
I've always wanted to be a Titans fan. Pretty sure I'll soon have a fantabulous reason to be.
Yea - I was thinking that Miami needed to get better. *rolls eyes**
had fun performing at the talent show!t hanks for the support
The lead game tester however would be testing the game from start to finish
yeah i hardly even watch basketball unless its Texas or Marchmadness
Ok so I'm getting stalked and its pissing me off leavve me alooonne!!!!!! Lmao
overboard is SO EFFED.
laps need cats
#NBA #NBAonTNT - GStiemsma, man who has 'shot-blocking timing of Bill Russell," accord Celts leg Tom Heinsohn, just swatted away JTeague FGA
Tonight's the night.
Hey , said hello. I just missed you on your way out. Thanks for the 'bossy pants' #RealEstate insight tonight.
Addendum to rules... turn out the lights the party is over must be played.
Dear NFL network: Please stop showing the same commercials!
Gottlieb: Turns out Rizzo actually made $1.5m when included cashed-out benefits.
Perfect beautiful day to hang out in the patio. It's open tonight And the rest of the week.
Haha, that bubble had better watch out!
Don't forget to sign up for a Networking Dinner! Sign up sheets at registration.
So cute!
In class with a major head ache
And we can hangout for a few days or so because I need girl time like soon!
I think we have enough cool music.
Home alone for the rest of the night! woo :')
: you deserve a steak! nicely done! any and all caps players eat free this weekend
Fuck! I cant sleep and its all because #youreonmymind smh
your neon lulu jacket is blinding me
does it feel weird to eat without them?
The female uses a 3 step process to open the sliding glass door. Remove wood stick, remove burglar bar. Scratch at frame.
Congrats Badgers-Leaders Division Champs! Championship t-shirts are available at our store and outside Gates 1 and 5!
Party time nigga! Hit me up bro! With
Work, work, work Is the motto I follow...
user question - categories of interest for potential in house development ?
lol , it is a pain to get out of there ,k thats what I meant , sorry for he typo..you are not a pain , you are delightful ..
Breakfast at brudahs after training on a Sunday. Good times
i seriously hate mondays. -_-
#first40songsonshuffle 39. Broken Glass - Matt Bennett (Victorious)
“: Front row One Direction tickets please.” agreed. I wish I had a VIP ticket.
Meet the boyz That's All I really Want To Do....
WHY AM I STILL UP?!
Wondering how many people would be harmed if I was aloud to have a gun? hahahaha
Too early to be at painll
we met at Runyon Canyon. Much better than in my yard!
Link is slow as hell - but the complaint looks legit. Nice photo. Looks a bit like my desk.
I 💗 being tiny.
"Nigga look at my chick he lookin the wrong way"
Wwoohhoo off work and on the bus home
#49 Bro, Gods love is only rivaled by His wrath, one day it will be poured out on sin & anything attached to the sin will be destroyed.
#Shop #Kids Happy Thursday! With Spring Break almost over, check your #uniform inventory. Anything you need? We've likely got it! Email Kim
Imagine by Jonah Lehrer. That's it. I expect to see it on everyone's #fridayreads tomorrow. Best book I have come across in awhile
Reppin' the Wisconsin shorts and shirt for favorite college day
happy day!
Thanks so much to the Mad Rollin' Dolls for the limelight at last weekend's bout! We all had a blast!
Going to mcdonalds for a salad is like going to a prostitute for a hug.
I was going to holler at you but my phone don't work worth a crap in the stadium. Looks like we was pretty close together
My chick fat, my chick hood, my chick eat shit that yo chick wish she could.
Congrats to Jean Dujardin on his Oscar win! He totally deserved it!
is now ! Follow accordingly!
what brother ? Lol .. But yes VERYGROSSSS
Apparently there's a service outage on this exchange so no phones or broadband for lots of people I guess. Feels weird being disconnected!
Thanks! Just fixed the typo.
Freedom of expression is the matrix, the indispensable condition, of nearly every other form of freedom.
Looking at my summer reading list & it's all nonfiction. All technical stuff - blah... Oh well, it's not like I'm missing time in the sun
"The more a man knows, the more he forgives." Catherine the Great
Its Hillarious wHen People Start Stereo Typing
i'd tap that, and i'm straigh! hahahahah
me 2!!!! You are not the only one lol
Without looking, what do you have on your feet right now?
#GoodMorning Y'all
we weren't planning to...hang out for the whole thing! :)
RT if someday you where having a real bad case of Bieber Fever ;D and you this day can stop thinking about he :D
I'm glad someone said it...last time I mentioned I got flamed by all of his followers
About to get into bed as look out the window @ the beautiful skyline of Atlanta ....Goodnight !!
problem solved, thanks stranger! & also, wtf Apple, replacement powercords are $79 ?!? & mine was only a year old. not cool.
no email received last one was about dermastore.... Which I ordered my stuff from YAY!
With all the fires in Texas, I'm sure no one will have trouble finding a light, here on 4/20.
RT - is following me! Definitely an inspiration to get to the gym more..
WOW! Big, busy day at the Seso office. Looking forward to sharing the news soon! How was everyone else's day?
I love it! And hear you...
Celebrating another successful Local #ChefChallenge! Cheers!
#HVSummit so if the state restored home visitation money with state funds we could do a federal match and turn it into 6 million dollars!
#happy4thofjuly I hope you are enjoying the Fireworks!
#replace1dlyricswithmexican 'Get out, get out, get outta my mexican'
I am now! Thanks for reminding me :)
last night Idk if it was a dream or real life but something super freaky happened!
Did you get a chance to sign up for the upcoming #ford #smbmad presentation. can help w/tickets
ABCs Red Carpet coverage blows.
I am so thankful for my friends…if I didn't have them I don't think I'd be here today
PickUpLine: Let's go get liquored up and rape each other
The BPD will be conducting a training exercise on January 26 in the 1900 block of N. Charles St scheduled to begin at approx 10:00am
Homemade Salsa Recipe Liven up your Super Bowl party this weekend with this tasty homemade salsa recipe , made with fresh tomatoes, jalap
I need a photoshoot this weekend who got me?
okay, thnx for the advice! good to hear from you!
Happy Bday to our shop manager who does it all! aka Molina Steel! Join us tonight at Red C in downtown as we celebrate!!!!!!!!
RT : To do list: Go to our event at the Brat House THIS THURSDAY & Sign up for #DASPUBCRAWL - What's your team name?
yo what up man i heard some of your music an its dope, i got this beat that i would like for you to use. hit me back up if ur dwn
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. - John Wooden
I agree he would be best suited for Mockingjay. I'm hoping they just sign him to do both films.
How are things?
nigga my waves natural no special grease no du rags.. u gon hair like KD lol
fed gov like a 10x walmart $ size company that gives away $ and power. Creates different culture. NIH alone is 30 B
I miss you betch! Let's make dinner and put samourai sauce on EVERYTHING.
Hello Kokomo twitter peeps!!
Noah, have you heard anything about AT&T doing this, as I am also grandfathered in.
Come out, come out on Sunday, July 31st to Arnetic in Deep Ellum! We'll be playing with our buddies in Tonight Tonight! So stoked!
At the bowling alley I threatened to never come back to. Fuck SE portland on Saturday night.
thanks to you!
...at davesheelydesigns.com
Mayweather is so Hollywood.
'How the Universe Works' on Netflix streaming is really really great.
I'm like extremely hungry
If you think it's expensive to hire a professional to do the job, wait until you hire an amateur. - Red Adair
Loved the surprise MB! you're the best :)
that is pretty garish - congrats (:
I really dont know the diffrence between reality and dream world
Life and fake ass people!
Judy got a smoochin' when Johnny took her crusin'!
We should always b talking about how awesome libraries & librarians are!
When u gonna b in dc?? im tryna fish montana max lne
do you love to sew? do you love kids? I have the perfect job opening for you.
yes nancy i did. Did u?
Check out the Global Music Radio app for iphone and ipod touch - www.motmotapps.com
OMFG. CRAMPS, I HATE YOU!
appeal still pending!
"We made too many wrong mistakes." Happy Birthday Yogi Berra
agree, a classic hat, we don't want to appear garish. I think gloves would be too much
Lol, I Did...You Didn't Text Me Back!
The super bowl is not entertaining!*
So just informed me that I'm in this for the long haul. Cue 15 hour drinking session. Go!
Going to a reception tonight. One of our artist Iliana Garcia is featured at Diana Center, Barnard College. Go West Harlem!
o.o you unfollowed!?
How'd you guys get a bunch of kids to play percussion for you?
...while standing on a chair. It's silly, and it doesn't help anyone with trouble breastfeeding become more comfortable with the idea.
You say 's gay yet 19 million girl's want his dick..so therefore your point is invalid :)
Alcohol is not the answer; it just makes you forget the question.
NESTORRRR! SHAVE MY HAIRS. RIGHT NOW. OKAY. HUNNY BOO BOO DONT BE AFRAID. I DONT BITE.
Dancing with the stars is horrifying.
Humans: lazy, we share & creatures of habit. How do we hack our natural traits to bring more value?
It makes me mad cause I've seen like twenty pictures of all these girls with their boyfriends, and I'm over here with my cat..
Stop being a HATER! Christopher
Lawton, Torii, LaTroy and JJ eating a nice dinner together? Sounds like the dream I had last night. Minus Billy Dee Williams and a WS trophy
Only trailed once at half all yr RT Same 1st half for LSU as SEC title game. Will they come back in 2nd half like they have all year?
Are you a labeorphilist (a collector of beer bottles)?
awesome, i thought about going, but idk yet....got lots to do
also, I'm proposing #baruchdh as our class hashtag :)
check DMs so we can chat
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date -You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
Did you call the number on the sign? #ACHD want to hear from you!
Let's get this weekend started :D
A big thanks to the "Yeah, but" session participants! Great contributions, conversation & reflection.
Thought it was office of Prez you respected. If its only holder of the office, then we can diss Obama all we want.
hey I didn't get an invite. Can I get a mil anyway?
because i literlly just mixed pickle juice, cranberry juice, and expired relish together and drank it.
I believe that sex is a beautiful thing between two people. Between five, it's fantastic.
Big ups to mens basketball team. Down 18 in the second half and they come back to win D-3 National Championship by 3 !
Leadership: The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it
About to make a banana split with my niece and SIS <3
I pegged the kitty as a miracle whip kinda guy.
If we burn our skinny pants, boat shoes and hipster glasses and stop talking about being original we might end up being it!
Welcome to Twitter !
You bet!
Had fun
Daily GTKY question: What would you do with 4 million dollars worth the gold bricks?
I never have to change with my different friends, thats too much work, they know me for me
Scholes abandoned the National team too early and Giggs is a douche who cheated on his wife and then tried to cover it up
Thank you!
yea, Tracy can't text & I lose my clothes. #blameitonthea-a-a-alcohol Thank God for
Crowdsourcing mobile projects is a good solution for museums in a budget crunch.
There’s a war in me: begin ’s “The Shape of Design” in ebook format NOW, or wait weeks for the beautiful, physical product.
Thanks for the shout-out about the running. It's 6pm and I can't wait till 6am to do it again. Weird but cool. LOL!
R.I.P Grandma . I love you and I miss you :/
yes I do girl omg I gott a ass now lol
Don't gain the world and lose your soul, wisdom is better than silver or gold...
GO BRUINS!!!!
Double sigh, then. I don't really think I will survive one more day. My calendar tried to kill me. I may be fatally wounded.
i'm handsome as fuck - i could pull them off.
Kind of hard to win when the refs aren't calling penalties on dangerous hits....
Get a free cupcake at Sprinkles Cupcakes by saying "People Like Us" -> noon to 2pm: May 18, June 17, June 26
They put Brian McKnight in 939?!?!!? Who thought that was a good idea?!?!!?? Smh
Hugs & kisses to my valentine. Making a beeline for the clothesline. Gotta choose the right design, so I can look mighty fine! Luv ya, baby!
": Bra I didn't see this til just now -____-" that sucks tryna burn last night shoulsa came through.
Hey you guys ! I'm almost out of Florida ! Can't wait to see my family !
Marking which keys go to which cabinets in my office with Lisa Frank stickers.
Not only is Christine one of my best friends, but she's also one of the most talented Artists I ever met! Follow her on here
having the same problem, waiting on the 5, let me know which one you go with.
sounds like an interesting class
The Ville was a BLAST Saturday night! We had so many fans and new friends there! Getting ready for my show on the 10th .
Is this a paying job? RT : What’s an important question to consider before writing a single word of copy?
Ppl mad cuz I post wat I feel, and wat u gonna do
How about you think sometimes?
Sprewell's ghost just choked D'antoni
it sucks
RT We just initiated this weekend man. In hoc and best of luck.
gonna over pay mane! Helzberg diamonds or whatever its called is much better priced
RT : We recently tried the turkey bacon and everyone loved it! So much better for us!
won't*
for sure, once the schedule is released (OFFICIALLY) then we can figure out what game would be best
Going to a technology conference today. Looking forward to learning some new info about AAC and accessibility.
the guys that go to my school are the biggest jerks ever.
Reputations are created every day and every minute.
Wonder what today holds....
Try our award winning brownies (plain and walnut) along with some of our other wonderful bars @ Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!!
Have you heard about our First Tuesdays for January yet? Begin the new year with the commitment to stay connected in Rochester's tech...
You're all tatted up!
I think I am cat nip for cougars
- thanks for praying for the young lady in the front row today...
Are we all ready for question #1?
Just got Home! : ) I need a day to Re-Coup : ) FABULOUS SHOW! Thanks to Everyone & the FHC Amazing Staff, your the Best : )
Random fact #11 He has a dog named angel!O:) FOLLOW ME
Where would you say that the wild things are?
Blah sad episode of
then move to Portland and be my boyfriend
Happy Holidays from the Judy's Book Team!
Meet The Heirs And Heiresses To The World's Oldest Billionaires via
ohh. he doesn't have it today. nvmd. but is it boring?
Despite the clouds I may still do
My lust for streamlined workflows finally meets my obsession with helpful podcasts. Video peeps should check out www.workflowjunkies.com
A pair of Jeans that fit just right...and the radio up!
is competing nowadays w/ self-publishers more than Amazon as publisher...
When is the best time to tell someone you love them? Answer: Before someone else does.
hey "girlfriend" hahahah--yah Good thing you cleared it up with John
name and school!
but bbc ontology is focused on finished programs -- or are there other rdf onts for provenance, full tech md, etc to mash in?
I never lived down losing that stuffed clown.
Anytime, Sir ;) I want so bad
Tonight @ Ski Shores in Austin, 6-9pm. Duo w/ Kullen Fuchs on trumpet & accordion. Lake, food, drinks & music - y'all come on out!!
“: Just followed a lot of people on instagram. Send me instagram names” <==== Follow me dude, the name is josh_no_drakebell!
Only 2 days left of principal photography (besides 1 pickup day) and they are going to be the most challenging yet!
I have waited my entire life to find you just have something worth living for.
You have #Sheree all wrong Baby.
;P Trivial Fact on Historical Baldness red lead
Why?? Do u hate math for me its so easyy :/
I cant stop thinking about Radiohead this summer!
OKAY GUYS I'M HITTIN THE HAY. #goodnight 
Some bunny loves you. Get it? lol
are you trying to get your ass kicked.. You're in like 7th grade and you're talking shit to kids way older and bigger than you.
Sorry for confusion but FB does not delete old pages....... Unlike first one, "Like" the correct and I'll return favor!!
This group of people just stopped in front of me and devonte and said we look so cute <3 lol :)
Who are "Whitney kids"?
yea me too
been alright...u?
Food trucks are busy in downtown Minneapolis. One popular truck sold out of food and had to close early more on that at 3:03 on WCCO Radio.
I'll Drop you like a bad habit
George Zimmerman charged with 2nd degree murder in death of
yr so cute :]
December 7, 1941, a date which will live in infamy.
My girlfriend's really mean to me :/
Leaving the 'subject' line blank on work email <
BUT THEY WON'T TELL ME
haha me either :/
www.crowdclick.com is offering 61% off a photo book from Pixable - check out how easy it is to make one at www.pixable.com!
I WANT A BOYFRIEND. 😂🔫
it rained all fucking day
Ugh. Long Monday coming up!
Even though I didnt like the seclusion part... I miss y'uns :(
Splendid brunch at Fives in The Peninsula Hotel. Able to use AmEx Platinum card hotel credit for brunch. This card is good value!
all these celebrities death have something in common DRUGS they victim of their demise & all their deaths surface the web like peter parker
kashi mayan bake for lunch today. pretty tasty.
We also posted lots of new stuff on Hottest Gay Places Orlando visit www.hgpof.com to see it now
oh man you are damn right it is! its my fav so good ill make one for you next time i see you lol <3
idk but every other concert I've been to at Phillips has been over $100 for decent seats. :/
It is when motivation is lowest and the stakes are highest that true winners rise above. Hang in there for that last final exam!
Yeah, I hear ya there! I'm still thinking about cupcakes though lol
she was so annoying in that movie! and the beyonce cover just really put me over the edge, haha
bubble guns are the Shit! Got one for my niece a few years back, she chases them around like a puppy with a ball. So cute :D
this is savanna
sounds good! :)
Oh my god, lady. Looks like Anti-Superbowl is a huge success!
Loved seeing and at the Theta house! Seeing and would make it even better!
Making myself a delicious healthy lunch :)
#HillerHelps - In #ReconciliationLaw the crisis is a wake up call for self-reflection.
I am so glad that rambling, incoherent batman tweet got picked up and retweeted by a batman twitter. Life goal.
I knowww they need to get here!
Even the best fall down sometimes!
Boosting the personal brands of your team (through bios, social networks, etc) is one key to client engagement + retention.
St. Patrick's Day is TWO WEEKS from tomorrow. Do you know where you'll be drinking green beer? St. Patrick's Day at Blackthorn Pub & Grill
It seems that the rust belt's main industry is retirement homes.
Rain makes me poopy.
I saw a pretty decent lesson today but held up to the #nysut rubric didn't score well
There's some weird redirect issue w/ the mobile version, that might be it. I couldn't get it to work on Android
2 hours an the I'm on my mini vacation!!!
RT : Tickets for Bruce 's 8/18 show go on sale TOMORROW at 10am but u can win your way in by RTing this by 5pm!
just is one on million chance that you follow me 1 i hope that you know that you are 18! we will never leave you justin♥
Anyone headed to the Highpoint #Market in NC this week!?
How is that possible? wow you are going 0 to 100 fast
Austin Powers watchin, neopoliton ice-cream eatin, and tyler posey on the brain. I can say my mind is stimulated.
Everyone is getting so furious recently. It's very strange.
Lol... Lowkey it was her decision to make anyway
Share your #CommunityAction tweets with & tomorrow!
This dude just called me and cynthia fat. Lol okay I know that.
Done. Also reminded people about the presentation run-thru in lecture tomorrow. Might want to caucus with NP and BG in advance
he's mine >:O
-- You hate the cuse
HUGE congrats on your James Beard Award!
lol where was he at?
I love how you promise me we'll go to Cashion and then you go without me.... I've wanted to go since I was 9... I wanna cry now.. Thanks...
Cave aged gruyere all day!! RT : A shocking concept, right?! RT Who DOESN'T like #cheese ...?
Half: Dallas 25-Austin College 39. Need to make better decisions w/ ball (9 TOs & poor shot selection) and get stops (9 stops in 33 poss.).
BACK TO LA WE GO!
what sort of writing?
“Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.” -Albert Einstein
no one gets me like <3
Thanks, we'll have samples for everyone to try very soon!
I was expecting bigger.
everyone deserves it. Forgiving makes u always the better person.
Always cheefing to the good times...
I want yogurt (y) yuuummm <3
Lots of great work to be done with Gaipa's "new tools for discovery" using MJP.
My feet are killing me!!!!
:Hey, Guys! Randy Savage was a great guy, and at times, he was good for a laugh. He was one of the best. Remember....
that's code for don't bother me housekeeping is coming
you're sick....
Grand Opening January 9th! RT and spread the news
as opposed to another kind of orgy?
interesting. makes sense
hey pastor donnie!!! I belong to TLC /Jamie Hawkins is my pastor, we are very happy u are coming worship with us See ya sunday!
haha by forfeit
Blueberry pancakes >>>
I need to be sleep I gotta get up EARLY as hell & I have attitudes in the morning!
I always embarrass myself -.-
hahahahahhahahahahaha what song
Thank you.
We will be back on the air for Game 1 of the NBA Playoffs.
Two college exams today. Pretty sure I aced them :)
When it comes to car-salesParkrose Auto Center is your place, We are among the best for getting a great deal on your vehicle.
Appreciate your quick response! As long as John's name disappears in connection to the story, he'll be happy.
<------------- stop bein soo cute:)I WISH I WUD FIND A GUY LIKE U:) plzz follow bck
Ballmer refuses to even attempt to innovate and would rather just run things into the ground.
I advise you to say your dream is possible and then overcome all inconveniences. ~ Les Brown
Re-watching Designing Dashboards
Spring is Nature's Way of Saying, "Let's Party!" ~ Robin Williams
Whole side of my face num
Just finished working a promo, heading back to my apartment to get some sleep, up early for day 2 of work as a Writer :)
Liatris spicata 'Kobold Original'. Perfect background for my purple garden! Especially with the azalea in back and the daisies in front! JP
This awful weather makes me long for London. I demand marmalade, ale and alarming tabloids with my freezing rain. Also, the tube is cute.
Jack Johnson + Apple Jacks Cereal = Great Morning<3
Of cuhrse! :) What store do you wanna hit first?
RT : Happy Earth Day! The single best thing you can do to help the environment is to go veg.
Thanks for the follow, John!
haha and I was screaming Pitbull !!!!!!!
Point well taken.
Time Is Tickin' .
“ “ Open vs. Closed is not a statement about morality. It is a question of innovation vs. laziness. #TOCChicago””
Let's figure out a different day- Marcus has been busy with softball starting.
Going to the ? Say hi to from & ask him about NEH grant opportunities.
i hope it kills. looking forward to hearing it all.
Jeff B. from Hernando, MS must be so ashamed of his shitty skunk joke on my Laffy Taffy wrapper.
Hit me up man. Weez dropn voats... Studio or crashed???
At O'Shea's, find a bartender named Al. Tell him hello for me. He made my last trip by being so fucking awesome.
my brother gotta take me 2 school…so im late for my final… && my eyes hurt from crying… #ThankYouLord for all of this
I agree Matt.
in the C2E studio doe... jus left the odd future pop up shop
" Skip n Treez TOPFLIGHT yea we bout ta take off like a early morning flight (lleegghhoooo) "
yeah I like this too
i agree with you on that Pauley. I would never to decorative body tattooing of my pet that is just sick.
Yes very good speech....very conservative speech...notice it's all about personal responsibility...relying on yourself and not the gov't.
Nice to meet you too! Looking forward to more of your tweets.
Love being able to work with my sister :) Missing you these days !
RT : The wait is almost over for NEW Instinct RED MEAT grain-free kibble!
PEOPLE DO NOT DM ABOUT TREY BECAUSE HE WILL PUT YOU ON BLAST LITTERALY SOO YEA......
Moms love candles! How about buying Mom a candle for Mother's Day? I know she'll love it!
Hey hey! How has your Wednesday been so far?
June 4th at the White Rabbit Venue, San Antonio, TX!!! Lets make this a good one!!!
Im following bro.
Me too. I root for the dentists' and plumbers' horses.
I LOVE San Diego !
My dad passed away this morning, just 45 days after mom. He couldn't live without her.
I like you... You like me... Do you make a move? No. ._.
so rude
I love you. But I don't like you.
Get at for beats
Congrats to the Bulldogs. Sorry I couldn't make it in time AG. Next week's schedule?
I hope you are having a wonderful Easter!
The Raid: Redemption at 7:30 and 9:55 tonight at the Oriental. Anyone? Let's go.
We're back in nyc and ready for all the great models we have met to start working!
Who know a great A/C company in #PHX? Just looking for a tuneup and no scam tactics. #TooMuchToAsk ?
Wintry roads are said to be "slicker than otter snot."
Why do you say that?
I saw him at USF. Great speaker.
I come straight with no chaser...
DC Metro says theyll stay open till at least 1:00 am to accommodate #Caps fans at game and in bars. Yay!
Sites/blogs like yours are a catch 22. Post very valuable info along with shitty opinions and hype. Problem today: It's a game!
thank you for the RT. Hope to see you on Sunday!
look stunning I love Kimberley's dress ❤
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate. ~Oprah Winfrey
You are not old. 'Cause I'm older than you, and I can't be old yet. ;-) Many happy returns! :-)
lol thats what happens when you kick the habit
Try taking out the battery for a minute, put it back on, then try to restart.
These ladies are rock stars in central Ohio!! Stephanie & others featured in Next on time warner ch 362
Working Hard for you.
Buona Pasqua! and what a beautiful day it is! We are open today 11am - 10 pm
Haha, school is killing me!
< Thank you sir
Yup. Something is definitely wrong here #theworldwelivein RT : $8 for grapes? that's 40 chicken nuggets...
nothing at all there's a thing called class and I have it. So keep writing obscene shit it proves my point
Instead of quotas and numbers, Heather prefers working with people
RT WE have to be better. (we have to learn to finish the full 90 minutes.)
What's up w both Toshiba and DirectTV having the same 'improbable series of events' theme to their broadcast ads?
Nice to get the good 'ol tan back this weekend. Thank you baseball season.
“: Alright whose the asshole that puked down the stairs in the physics building hitting floors one thru three” o wow lmao
Get out of here with that ugly ass avatar!
Walked two 8% incline miles, upper body strength training and 2 minute forearm plank.
no problem my sweet dear. =]
#heartbreaker Currently having a baileys on the rocks in celebration.
Omg is that real life?
It is so amazing how someone can have lime, neon green eyes in one picture, and the next have perfectly brown eyes!
Playing Angels and Kings in Hollywood tonight.
So busy;never have time 4 this anymore. Hello everybody #Blessed 2 b up & gettin ready 2 clean my tank. I know my fish yelling at me lol
lemme know which ones you want and sizes homie
Devastated. you're a kink chick and rocked my world for months! On to the next one I guess..
thx for rock staring twitter tonight! hope all is well :)
Bucks have a better chance to beat out the Sixers anyway
This match was so good. FUCK. I miss old WWE.
You must be talking about a third party here. RT great minds.
peeps: who did/does the wonderful and famous series of annual photographs for ~five sisters? Spacing and on deadline
thanks so much!
Breaking News Story: The Movie Contagion blows
Antique closing techniques like "features and benefits" are too boring. Build comfort and trust on a personal level and see how easy it is.
Getting Custom iPhone Application Development Services across the globe by Leading iPhone App Development Company - VincentIT. Our Expert i…
Watching the Pirates of Penzance w/ my 10yo. The Major General song comes on. She looks up at me adoringly & tells me go ahead, sing along.
Nielsen: Majority of younger Americans have a smartphone Talk about a generational divide. While only 43 percent of all Americans with wi
Prepping Gaslamp condo for another monthly rental today...sure will miss my urban vacation rental!
since when did she have a twitter?!
be genorous & FOLLOW ME PLEASE
My son just told me two lady gaga jokes. Kid is hi-larious
'take yourself a picture when I'm standin at the mound and I swear it's goin down . I'm just reppin for my town' 🎶
of course, I'll DM you my info
U cannot do yoga.Yoga is your natural state.What u can do r yoga exercises, which may reveal to you where you r resisting your natural state
sample of diverse audience discussing #Tebow. Rarely seen athlete cross over so quick
That would be good as well. Apple doesn't half ass MBP design refreshes though.
ill have to check that book out sound very interesting.. i loved you on the hill you were thr life of the party
Lovely to see Jeff again.
Cheap Mani-Pedi from Nails by Tracy on www.crowdclick.com!
I'm equipped with the best of Disney princess movies! 👑
1916 rebel music...
Lovin the sun:)
Totally agree. Let's every player and coach they will be held accountable.
You know you have too much to do at work when you can't focus on your book during break cuz of all the stuff when you get back.
Wasn't even considering it
Angels what the bleep are you doing....dumbasses
I Did.
when will you come back to Philippines??????
hell naw!!! lol I will see if we can order some RT : can I get a secret sunday shirt my friend.. please my friend
Coughing infront of smokers to make them feel guilty.
Hate hearing how Junior Seau went out,
send any sports questions you have we are starting the show!!!
#2011icf how funny..within 2 sec of my post, is now following me... Love twitter!!
Did need any more reasons to promote the NE as the center of the universe? I will NOT be watching the #Superbowl. Boring.
I should probably start today, lol.
health sleep disorders
That is one amazing piece of Rock & Roll history. Chris Hillman was always the real musical anchor in the band not Gram Parsons.
For MW book we added new types for papers and references. No code required.
": Make that 4 trailers :)
#Brewers Manager Ron Roenicke joins me at 8:15am CST Will Rickie Weeks be back in the lineup today? Where will he hit?
Restaurant week our way! $26.40 for two 2 glasses of wine one appetizer and one dessert.
Therefore do not be anxious about tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself. Sufficient for the day is its own trouble. Matthew 6:34
Damned if I do damned if I don't
I'd really like to see Knuble back next year, love the guy.
BUT I JUST BOUGHT HULA HOOPS!
#Apple is calling it "The new king of the desktop." More like the herald of what's to come. IF they stabilize it.
Dunno, but its the blue ones that do.
Wrote 4 pgs during the #writing sprint. How'd you do? Time for lunch & to start reading THE STARTER SCREENPLAY.
Professional genealogists use citations to validate all of their genealogy discoveries that take you back to the source of the information.
peaches, peaches, peaches! We have a bunch. 4 trays of them are in the dehydrator and just made a peach big crumb coffee cake! m!
There was actually a second round of peer review on the chapters post-conference, which is why I'm unsure.
I feel weird when I realize I don't have to go to sleep.
Great day of cramming linux knowledge. 16 more days like this and I may actually pass this exam!
Why am I having such a hard time falling asleep. My brain needs to bring it down a notch.
My muthafuckin car is completely paid off!! #whatchuknowboutdat??!!
and ill RT your music links..
John James is going on a retreat, Saturday is his last day for a while. Stop in and toast his travels.
some great brisket in the newsroom provided by
exciting times! Happy to hear things are movin and shakin : )
Thomas Jones would also win if he was on a roster(although not to LT). Jackson is #1 and Gore is
Blah! Coming back east from #Portland. Think I got some good
I'm lookin like a star bitch. When you see me, make a wish.<3
Grrr my Drupal buddy just alerted me to the fact that my new menu module does not display correctly mobilely (might as well be a word).
Neither rich or poor, but the righteous
haha hell yeah
Soulmate love heals people while it stamps out loneliness and brings so much more happiness.
UH i just hate Parody accounts!!!!
No. YOU'RE THE BEST!
Pissed going to sleep now
aww!!!! Coco is so cute!! What kind of dog is she??
My offical private G+ is reported :O
Lin is the Knicks PG! He threw down 38 on the Lakers tonight! Then credited his teammates and God post-game!
Dear Nike, thanks for following me!
FUCK YA Cape Surf Core Board Shop!
I have to make changes in my life, i'm sleepy all the fucking time.
good thing I have 4 years before I need a job.
plz follow me....
i know you read my text message.
If you are looking for #payroll services...... can help you there too? Ask us how???
My life just crumbled. He probably saw it and just moved on hahaha XD
I need Followers, Business minded Women that is about it
Does anyone think one tree is kinda wierd so far hahah?
I called you back. You're probably knocked out as I type this.
wow lovely photos :) once i get onto flickr hope you dont mind if i follow you there!
Great to see my boy Alex and my nephew Scott and all their friends at Scotland Yard tonight. Thank you all for comin out. Good times.
im ggonna be famous when i grrow up and when i get famous im gonna make u famous
yaaah. But im not trying to date him again. Im just going to stay single for a while.
Gotta love DVR
Off to work... Counting the seconds till Friday 😉
Saturday night. Pizza and bad scifi movies at home. That's how we roll.
Need help. Playing draw something and all the person wrote/drew was "hunger games little sis." Whats the answer? Not a nerd, so I don't know
Today's lessons: 1. The Gettysberg Address is tough to memorize. 2. My 5th grader is much smarter & a far better memorizer than me.
I'm impressed with what I've seen so far at the #grammys .. Loved the Beach Boys segment!
Sweet baby jesus is in my pants - in the bathroom stall
Did you know you can book your cab, monitor progress and pay your fare with your #TaxiMagic app? www.broadwaycab.com
This next EP I'm writing sounds sick so far. It's a mix of Ne-Yo, Jesse McCartney, and Nick Carter. Interesting mix!
can you follow me I LOVE all your videos, it would make my day please.?!?:))
Awesome commercial by . Visit their Twitter profile (on the web), and hold the j key to keep scrolling down.
Who's ready for a new Frantic music video? What song should we do?!
what about ham and turkey...is that harder than just ham!! lmfao doo it bro!
Spend your Friday walking around the city yelling "THE 49ERS SUCK!"
For a 10 pound cat, 1 cup of milk has the same amount of calories as 4 ½ hamburgers.Let’s take care of our pets starting with a correct diet
THE STORY OF MY LIFE RT : I was cooking bacon and the fire alarm went off.
Not Monday? Lil' Gibbs and I will be there.
Kreps is a little too rose colored glasses about info tech and life improvement for me.
Chile-crusted prime rib tacos w blk bean & corn salsa w cilantro-lime sour cream. Served w roasted tomato rice pilaf $17.95 (
yeah i know how you feel sage and sugar just got locked in the last 20 mins
I don't think the umps are the prob, it's the angle with which they're making these calls. Time for replay.
time to start this day. lets do this
Like god intended all appendages to be neon purple!
Keep an eye out for - This weekend - 3 stages | 17 bands + George Benson
18 hours ahead.
#20ThingsAboutMe 8. My son is the 1st out of 11 grandchildren in the family 2 break a bone!!
Good morning del I hope you have a great day
and me, with soup.
😭😂😭😭RT : Can't wait until Obama pass that no braids over 25 law.
Last long run (9 m) for the #kyderby #MiniMarathon training complete! Only 2 weeks to go!
Sittin up watchin impractical jokers this show makes me laugh so hard i forget about stress lmao
Scrubs..and Tumblr. Also, tweeting. Again.
OH: I'm used to drinking out of a fire hose, but #drupalcon was like drinking Multnomah Falls.
rt Johnny's Hideaway free drink tonight-tell Edgar or Kevin the password-Spider-when you walk in the door for a free drink card!
Pro on the Go cancelled. I'm off till next year!!! Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!!!
Per KS Humane, nobody has been able to touch this chi. I cannot pull and transport to NC.
i replied but i will do it again.
that's my MYSTERY holy trinity. I'm not sure it carries across all genres. I'd have to consider that.
I particularly like this one: "5. MYTH: Cell phones in flight can cause big, big problems"...
I don't belong here !
Ay that's alright. You put up a great fight. Gotta let em know!
Submitted my grades so this semester is officially over. Class curve was inverse- all A's and D/F's. Directly related to class attendance.
that Rocco kids a sped!
Belt around her neck and hanged herself," her 41 year old dad hung himself from his 3 year old daughter's swing set. 18 year old Dale Crole
JUSTIN BIEBER :O!!!!!! i looveee you <3
It’s art if can’t be explained. It’s fashion if no one asks for an explanation. It’s design if it doesn’t need explanation. Wouter Stokkel
Good for you, keep it up!
Come meet tomorrow at the gift shop in He's giving fans tix via a special #PatsPacerPlayoffParty promotion!
Little steamy here in Phoenix.
I mean creating an honest representation of who you are and what you do.
#the descendants for best picture at #oscars? It really wasn't such a good film. It had good ingredients, but wasn't too moving.
This is climate (and work related), I promise: It would take approximately 84,375,000 gallons of water to fill the Rose Bowl to the rim.
btw I'm in Seattle & then San Francisco next week. You are traveling near there?
Wonder how tonight is gonna go?(: Butterflies,so bad right now!
woah tht girl has some issues ... Haha nope ur not even close to that you waay soo much nicer ! (:
my birthday wish is to get a follow from you!! make it come true!!
If San Fran loses tomorrow, we dont have aeaninful game for a month.
- i could have used that commission man! where you sittin, whos the lucky rep that sold you the A's
thanks for rockin with me in Manhattan! last night wish I had shout you out more girl luv4art.com wants to do an interview w u
If we're in each other's dreams, we can play together all night
we did...but holdin off for the moment on picking anything up..dope stuff tho man..we'll holla no doubt
Psalm 119:176 I have strayed like a lost sheep. Seek your servant, for I have not forgotten your commands.
RT : ATTN PEOPLE OF ! If you see today, let her know that she has no armor. I repeat no armor. That is all.
Just got back from skiing with the neighbors and getting ready to jump in their hot tub! Great day.
Going to walk the dog then take her to the vet
holy shit u got skill!!! lmao
When is it? And where?
Thanks for the follows Elizabeth Warren for Senate (woo hoo!), ; Penny Lane ; and Harry Che
one love
Damn my body is kilin me. Workout was nice
Best of luck!
good one!
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me Philippians 4:13
Want to see who is actually here? who is talking? where to find out about them? checkout the an up to date conference program on the confe..
we are gonna be in our LATE 20s by then! ah some of us are prob gonna be married and knocked up too.
ill try hahahah
Just woke up late gotta hit the office.
rabble, rabble, rabble, rabble, rabble....
I have a test tomorrow. Yeah.
Bouta go hoop then hit the gym
Hey guys, ths twitter isnt joey max again. Hem Im nt hm
Avocado is DELICIOUS.
Telling other countries what government to have isn't freedom. It's tyranny. Thanks for talking though.
I love shopping and music so much!! :)
RT : Back in the states and looking forward to working with this week ! Back to Canada next week.
Awww, Bailey. Say hey to Rachel and Adam for me!
Am I the only baseball fan who didn't know that Super 2 rules got changed w/the new CBA, so June call-ups won't come until late June?
Power is on!
oh ok :) and naw I'm a G I had to baby's no epidural I can take a needle no biggie LOL
Sorry cant fix everything. Especially something deep
Condolences. So sorry about your news.
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
its on now! ABC!!
Ok. Client meeting at 6:30 am tomorrow. Time to sign off from the show.
Waldo is officially squintz!
Being condescending doesn't mitigate GOP #waronwomen. mT what are u stupid pph killed millions of black babies!
RT : Show me on the doll where other people's happy civil unions touched you, North Carolina.
its Rainy out and I gotta work ugh
Damn Boise State! You guys are crazy.
Kasana for the holidays! Let us create enjoyable and delicious gatherings for your family, work, or friends!
if u have a Wii and a broadband signal plus a netflix membership, u can play games or watch any movie you want.
The music on Will Downing's 'Today' EP has such a calm and soothing effect, it makes me wanna sit on the floor and chant "Om." Good stuff.
unfollowing everyone unless they dont suck.
what are you wearing "jake from statefarm?" umm khakis? she sounds hideous! i love this commercial.(: lol
i m going to retweet that tweet to make you happy (in a non creepy way)
trying to be. Lol no just old photos I had.
Come play with us tonight and show us how Badass you really are ;) Doors open at 8! $2 Drafts & $3 Jack Shots. Free dance lessons 8:15-9pm
Really? Waiting for the next headline: Everything you do linked to cancer Prolonged sitting linked to breast cancer, colon cancer
Sounds like Bynum's starting to get those Artest techs-on-rep calls.
dang little mama you is such a loser.
Good Morning Baltimore! Tonight's the FIRST #ShoreNight of the season with $2 Steamed Crabs! Start planning your post-work feast now!
Follow for 2009 Little League World Series news. I'm sure will be tweeting the games as well.
quite true. i can't please all the people, all the time. (and thank you! :-)
The thought of Ryan Seacrest expanding his "hosting" empire to the Olympics makes me sad inside.
OMGoodness I am baking one of your recipes and it smells AWESOME! Stay tuned for pics peep!
idk man, if followed me it'd make my life perff.
Was wrong with You?
Looking for extra #savings. Use promo code #231031 to get $25 any 9 West frame purchase from now until October 31st. Some restrictions
happy b day apple head
When no one believes in me I have my mother that always remind me to keep going so BLESSED 🙏🙌 on that note Gn 😘
WARRIORS HAVE A SAFE AND HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!!!!!
So. Freaking. Tired. But so, so happy. :)
Let past make u better, not bitter
Hahaha! Then definitely don't remember my Moscow HS team practicing at the Kibbie Dome in 99-00 season.
thanks Emma!! Miss you girlie.
you'll like this one: Reading Eugenides' The Marriage Plot over break and my mom thought it was a self-help book!
Design Tip: Use similar colors to create a feeling of calmness. - Blues, greens, purples.
Brooklyn schoolkids all sporting little straw fedoras (from street vendors ) this Spring...
thats y we have it
Turiaf is balling doe
u kno ima hold it down fa ya brutha, get ya rest fam n take it easy. Cant have u leave jus yet ha
Sometimes the ride is more fun than the destination.
“: A fan is a fan, who cares what age or gender you are.” AMEN to this
I hear ya man it doesn't look exotic at all.
OMG. im so sorry haha im just going through one directions mentions :p
Wow LAX, you are a true example of how slow the west coast moves. An hour wait @ baggage claim?....really?
Dude, you look like
Hair is gone, I am now the proud owner of a curly bob - kabob?
36 more days!
Patience and Compassion are a dog trainer's best tools
hahahaha RT : "The Stadium that Losers Built." Well, to be fair, it also a stadium that losers would play in.
Distancing yourself from certain people can be a good thing
appreciate you RT's!!!
I Look forward to your tweets!
Hey Dan! What's up? Jamile McGee Seaon 1
Nova Heart music video today.
To be able to fill leisure intelligently is the last product of civilization
Looking forward to seeing friends from Intuit, Yahoo!, Citrix, Microsoft, Tides, Walmart, HP, Lucent, etc. at tomorrow's SF Public Workshop!
Well he's certainly above the president, so "god" is definitely a possibly.
Just bought some apple pie moonshine from good ol' Ootlewah, TN. This will be a fun night driveway drinking!
So seen a friend in a Hospital from being shot multiple times.. It was ugly no telling what he did tho
hey, getting ready for work
heyy guys what's up!!
I always get tha last laugh!!
when is the test
why are you two so cute?
shoot me the pic that it should have on it and what ever info should be on it and shoot it over to
ITS FRYHIIIIIIGH DAY !
if it doesnt apply....let it fly away!!!
Happy to help out a fellow #archivist w/ #saa11 conference highlights!
There is no one, and surely no entire people, in whom the image of God has been utterly extinguished. -Walter Wink
you might think that it's a cynical world but there are oasis' of joy all around us. :)
If I miss another Liam Paynes twitcam I am going to cry!!! :'(
Trying to find the perfect balance between "super fit chic life" and "super fun world traveller mama chic life" Not as easy as I'd hoped :(
Just trying to get one computer to work right. If I succeed at that, it'll be a good day.
hahaha I kinda like it...(:
To many cars on the track anyway!! Go24!!
Freebird's has a good sound system! Come on out, one more set from 1:45-3.
He might have been a good fit for the Cowboys, Garrett needs an o/c. Todd Haley?
you do a nice job of twisting my words/comments. Not worth trying to have a "dialogue" with you. Get a grip.
Overbooked my flight so I took the two free round trip tickets to anywhere they were offering.
Those moments at calling hours when other people cry and it makes you cry.
#SXSW is so goddamn crowded, #alutrend is peaceful relaxation, Escape the clusterfuck
Follow bliss because bliss
Thanks for checking us out. I would love to partner up with you.
RT - Note to everyone: Your video is too long.
I still want to post 30 new videos by my 30th birthday on May 30th. I'll be answering viewer questions!
cannot wait! Capitol Hill, correct?
That's why I fly, i think i'll take the REDEYE!!!!
Wear makeup? I advise washing ur face in 2steps. 1st w/ a cleanser that breaks down makeup 2nd w/ a cleanser thats soothing & rejuvenatng:)
girl my phone been dead since yesterday I been using my other phone
Watching videos of heavy D
Got a sub in third guess I'm not doing shit today
Amazing true fact: IE7 renders HTML tables more correctly than IE8 or IE9. Who knew?
On new years my goal is to get 100 followers PLEASE help me achieve that goal I'll follow u in return
stalker!! Whats the number for 911???
It was just 12 days ago when Ariana hit 1.6 now 1.7! In love with this fan base! :)
@ ira, and yet again he tweeted tractable, gentle, pliant, and submissive
Thank you! It gets more romping soon, too -- regime change, new lovers, dead bodies at the water station . . .
Phone is found!
Where have you gone ?
ugh. i always forget the 30. anyway, i'm in for burgers if you go tomorrow.
no worries, I can pick them up by Monday at the latest!
I am a good person. I help out my neighbors,friends & family. Some people take a advantage of good people.
#EdCampME is just 2 weeks away! Are you ready?
Rtweet #ike OK, serious Hurricane time. It's starting to come in now. We're feeling the wind here, for real.
no doubt. I don't think he has a chance against jones
So I been so busy today I couldn't tweet but after this I will have a series of tweets outlining today events
So excited to be traveling this summer!!!
love you sis. Like big, long, rock back and forth hug kinda love.
Decided to try a Psychic down the street for advice. She said follow her on Twitter. Needless to say, I didn't leave a tip.
There's not a difference between a fan and a belieber, a belieber IS a Bieber fan, so. Stop saying fans do this and beliebers do that. No.
Not to bandwagon, but haven't seen the overt observation yet. Does Mitt not remember this incident because there were so many "antics"?
: no worries.....we're all here...if you ever really need us.
he does need a break. He is just so happy there. Everytime I see him he talks about Australia.
If you liked 's Third Spaces presentation, you should take COMM 668 on Spaces in Fall 2012.
But here's a note to some of the contenders: "slob" is never in style.
hope you enjoy our music :)
Cheers to that! Nice work.
This tweet and you are amazing RT : Just a casual afternoon in district 12
However did you find me on FB?! Other than the fact that you also appear to be Man Ray, back to haunt us all
answer my question and I will. Also what was shameful abt the post you referenced?
Does LED tube need ballast? No. It saves cost and energy on ballast.
Alright, who's Pre-Ordering?
Can you master/slave ipads for a powerpoint presentation? Would put projector business outta business.
Saturday night's wedding with my Quintet at the Delafield Hotel was super fun. People danced from the first song to the last.
At the ripe old age of 8, my heart became a victim of the first 48.
Don't call me that .
Watching Scream 3
hey dog, did u get the job prospect email I sent. With Soros Open Society in DC.
Before you go to sleep, write down 5 things you're grateful for. Gratitude attracts more to be grateful for. Be blessed!
CJ Kilbride said: we want the committee to make e-business and esp e-filing a matter of course not just talk in ILcourts
Oh this is awkward.
yeah her & she does. She's not very appropriate for her age. Haha
where? When?
And Ayala. Geez how could I forget Ayala? Never forget. Broken windows. Poor guy. Ruthless M's fans.
Ugly people who call other people ugly<<<<<<<<<<< u need to look in the mirror
ur too much of a rook to get white mocha tho
if you bring me a firefighter I might be ok with it? Let's go grocery shopping!
Have a #safeflight1D aawww, we're so sweet (;
I think this would be a super hot scene: and
that dude looks super #ruthless!! haha! Thanks bud!
This rain got me like BLAH 
does it say that you assume people are functional? (-;
THANK GOODNESS IT'S FRIDAY! <33 =)
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
The email ending in "69" because my innocent middle school mind didn't know what that number meant.
People eating Chipotle and Five Guys at the airport at 7am. Yeap. I'm in America.
I look the bomb anyway! <3
Good luck! :) What are you doing this summer?
Where should I go for #Christmas dinner, #Ihop or #WaffleHouse? Anything else open in #AthensGA? #Decisions, decisions.
as a matter a fact i didn't unfollow you you unfollowed yourself so just stop im tired of it and you should b too
Smh Ikr ! . Trust We Gunna Hang Out . . More Than 5 TIMES Aha . ! Just Hmu You're Out Of School Right ?
Finding good silly sarcastic conversation>>>
thank you
you too, amigo.
Erica Newland, #CDT: UTenn study: average users would have to spend 180-304 hours/yr to read privacy policies of all sites they use
tweet this bitches, Childish, that is Childish Gambino will be at The Riv in Chicago on March 30!!!!!! Gonna be a riot!
Hanging out with to kick off Realtors Care Day!
ALWAYS have mob friendly landing pages for mob consumers
Billboard? Heck, I think you should have a talk show!
Hahaha, do I still get a dollar if you win?
hey haven't gotten an email from you w/ info yet, but just to let you know I have to do it before 6pm or so. :)
Funny how people always seem to be the friendliest when ya have money ..then all of a sudden their gone
Soo over this cold weather! Where is the warm weather?!☀
Could use a site like Wallwisher to keep up with questions. Embed on class website. Refer often.
How about the guy who, when he gets to a green light, he starts slowing down . . . just in case. True story.
It's the coding You have to properly code your feed to take the image & specify image specs that #FB wants. If not it won't pull
Yay! nice logo
ya that would work as well. I can't b gone all night tho. My moms family Is celebrating Christmas
Change is movement that comes from the courage and desire within. via
RT Just visited with Rep. Pat Tiberi's office. He is a co-signer to the CAPP bill to improve the historic tax credit.
what?! so stoked!!
and here come the
Thank you for joining us!
Going to sleep like a rock.
Disruptive innovation benefits from resource constraints (e.g. developing countries)
You girl, you right there, you look like you like this shit How'd I know, how'd I know? That's me on some psychic shit
Need. More. Sleep.
that was a great show
#OH: Best ideas happen in the restroom. LOL :) Happy Friday!
Have lots to do today, making some new fetish clips to put up
Jay. Gay.
When big success comes, the thing of first importance is to talk it over with God. Mark 1:29-39
What fun! Enjoy.
Thanks go to those who helped with Courthouse lighting - The Newark Advocate Thanks go to those who helped with Courthouse lighting The N
If you ever run into a cop with a face tattoo, that means there is a dead cop in the woods somewhere.
Yep. We are in the triple digits. It's really scary.
no problem! We got this :-)
pray for me?
If you can tell mommy and I the barometric pressure in prague on Tuesday,we can go to disney world!
Combatcompanys new boxing coaches Jason Wallace(aba) and Peter Simon(pro) have hit it running Tue and thur 630pm and mon+ wed 1030am
walked up on some #capitalhill #soccer game this morning on a coffee stroll. #Intense #matchup!!
you left your stuff in Mrs.Wilcox's room
i want a phone call at 3 am, just because ..
Fave new line: I want this designer to blow up even if that means I won't be able to afford. Gorge coats!
University of Miami College of Engineering Alumni Association (UM CoEAA) Spring mandatory meeting on January 31st at 7:00 p.m. MEA 202
Ballgame. Semifinals for America
WOAH BRO YOU ARE OHIOAN. ME TOO.
#hotyoga tomorrow night. Will have to explain my missing toenails #marathon training
I refuse to trust anything on Twitter on April Fool's day.
maybe you didn't picture the kiss.
OH: I gotta girl party to go to for my birthday
I can! RT : I love the sound-effects for Indiana Jones' punches. See, you know what I'm talking about. You can hear them right now
plus theres a certain boy thats been keeping me smiling enough not to care about the janky guido i used to date =)
Happy Valentine's Day Gorgeous! No, not you, her. Yes, you!!
A2 I have worked w/ a few clients who've banned it (various reasons), then abuse email/SMS. Doh!
Ball so hard!
London - control yourself
Miller to McGee TOUCHDOWN DENVER
#ItsCrazyHow u say u care but u still go out n do dum thing
I know. I miss you. Ill see you at the mtg :-)
You had to look up one title at a time, and they took the form down as soon as their consultation period was over (4/5?)
Thanks :) Appreciate you saying so!
so jealous.
need to make travel plans...call me.
The Beer Pong tables arrived. Get your teams ready for Wed Nov 2 at 10pm. $10 registration fee and get your first Bud Light pitcher for $5
Ah Its Early D: Well Morning Everyone xx (:
Box of noodles then the gym
When I have free time, I look through dance catalogs, magazines, and YouTube videos.
We respond to anyone with a passion for music, we promote and devote our time to helping musicians get noticed.
I was hoping for a Starbucks card for Teacher Appreciation week but I got something almost better Famous Daves!!
yeah, mon-thur every week through August at least, maybe longer. Weather is outstanding...
"they can copy what you've done but they can't copy what you will do" wise words from
Also on Netflix Instant, Friday Night Lights, if you've never seen it.
happy birthday Virginia!!
sumone please visit me. I dont wanna study! No wait dont. Wait do! cuz I can't focus anyway...wait...dont....wait...
cereal is the best college food
u gon keep speculating? i dont turn games off.
Clickbank Cash Secrets - How to Start Your Own Web Company
welcome to last month
Big Cody - Happy Birthday!
Everything closes soo early here
Oh, your cool. Cussing all up on here. #SMH ;D
i want a smoothies now
damn .. Really?
im way too nice to people
you got it bro! I'm gonna crash out, bout 3am here... I'll hit you up later on in the day after we ship and get u the ETA!
hello Dod diva :)
We need to start putting fainting couches in NFL press boxes
Between getting hit by a car and robbed at gunpoint this year. My nerves are GONE!!!! I don't trust ANYONE lol
How's everyone doing today?
watching game with and
Thanks! Needed that! Positive words go a long way!
#pw2012 82 percent of people with less than a HS education lack economic security
Great to share stories of innovation with MBA students tonight. Looking forward to their tour!
You know you suck when Chris Bosh shoots a three on you
oh its fabulous, I just hoped the Yankees would have lost tonight, and tomorrow i would have been sure I d be waking up happy
That's the first time I could tell there was a crowd at
Joining the ranks of morning commuters for a couple weeks of training in the burbs. Kept road rage in check this am thanks to ! 🎶
So am I my friend! I've never been and I'm a brand new NOLA resident recruited through Just tell me where to go!
For some reason they ate less when they hated blacks and had more access to plaid.
#AGirlDeserves someone to love n so does a guy
awesome! Thanks! (:
um don't worry I'll still be here for 2 more hours
There are some seriously ugly bitches out there.
Birth certificate for baby allegedly fathered by Justin Bieber reveals boy's name is Tristyn Anthony Markhouse Yeater
watching a guy in a meeting who reminds me of an old boss, who also wore a bowtie
damn dude, good call. I was actually looking for it in best buy on Monday, then came home to find out the same thing haha.
; thank you for following.
I've rockin out to 70's Rush since yesterday. Best decision of the week. Maybe even the decade.
I believe my (dv) server was included because it's down...what information do you need?
gotta go warm up so I can cut the last four vocal tracks for the new CD!! OH YEAH!!!
So many mixed emotions right now...
Awesome! Maybe I'll start there. Thanks so much. Any other tips, I'm all ears.
": well after thirteen hours of sleep maybe I'll feel like going out tonight. maybe 😒" i wish i could get this kind of sleep lol
Wait. This show is next Monday, right? RT : Racebanon with when Dinos rules the earth tonight!
I use it to transcribe interviews. Great to be able to embed the audio and then have it come up with full text searches
can't wait to see you in dallas monday!!!
I'm not excited that Dallas won, but I am thrilled that Miami Lost!!!!! Hahaha!
I'm in love with somone His name start with 'J' 😝😍
Usually we go till about 2 or 3pm.
CRAP! That should be illegal in 50 states! C'mon
I start me sign language class tues ... I'll probably b a mess at first but I'm still really excited!!
KG could play PG and he would still be decent, thats how good/versatile of a player he is.
Now following my boo lol
Age, if you can, better than others. These are times for reincarnation. Seize them while you're still unaware.
"They are the gracious gifts of the most High God, who, while dealing with us in anger for our sins, hath nevertheless remembered mercy."
haha no idea to be honest, there are guys floating around so hopefully!!
Why does life suck SO FREAKING BAD!!!!!??????
Ready for Tebow to open up 2012 with a win,
Best Deals Hobart Boilerless Half Size Combi Oven – CE20HD-1- hobart oven parts
yea if I was lovely an stuff I would be gay. But I'm not haha :)
You've done something awful.
Style ain't everything. It's who's wearing it too
Who Can I Call To Bring Me Something To Eat.... *Strolls Down Contact List*
someday we'll know why samson loved delilah, someday I'll go dancing on the moon, someday you'll know that I was the one for you
IN Quotes: "People are as happy as they make up their minds to be." - Abraham Lincoln
Woke up in what appears to be a jalapeño chip graveyard.
I always love seeing your name pop up on my phone.
Don't know what you had for breakfast? We had yummy huli huli chicken breakfast burritos with mango salsa on the buffet at Kai!
#undergradres #erl12 Wonder if promoting research collaboration outside of UCLA, will motivate more undergrads.
My first professor playing avicii i can dig it
Musicians don't retire; they stop when there's no more music in them. - Louis Armstrong
Countdown to final auditions - can't wait to have this film cast and be able to really see these lead characters come to life!
That was me ;-)
This voice in my head that I've had 4 yrs, says they love me.What is love if u can't c the person.It's like I hav an annoying bf in my head
naw I'm just better skilled lol
Just received word (from Maghound) that the Advocate magazine is ending it's publication this month. That's a sad thing.
I miss you! Only 4 tweets from you today
Good morning all you wonderful peeps
Four Tips to Save Money on Energy and Make Your Home More Attractive to Buyers - Fox Business
Britney Spears music will always be played in my car. Loudly.
getting ready for the Raven in SF, CA
I followed you, follow back for daily updates about Gaga!
Need a job? BookHolders has a flyering opportunity for all USF students. Stop by on April 22nd to sign up!
Thanks for having me again at Path Cafe tonight!
"I don't like people who are into stuff" J. Simmons 11/20/09
I don't know if you know this..but i have like...no mentions....um..i feel lonely...
Anybody else just get really uncomfortable watching ?
Thanks to the girls for inviting us to play & making last night's #LightUpNight #IronCity Anniversary bash an unforgettable night
HURT MY ANKLE ON THE COURT TODAY
Thanks for the review –– can't wait to see! Shoot me an email & I'll send you more great nutritional info!
thanks for coming in tonight!
If i make it thru this hour nd 15 mins with no parking ticket ill be very happy.. great thing is i can watch my car from my classroom window
I c ur future. Lesbian Prostitute. And u have a record of going to jail. :). Im good at this game. Go get a fucKin life
hard-working and talented family. will definitely see the film.
Seeking for Custodian in the Tampa Bay area
In my eyes, Ryan Braun is about as innocent as Mark Chmura was. That said, go Brewers.
Seriously tho, excited to put out some quality tunes.
really? Cos it looks bad here in West Bloomfield “: The severe thunderstorm watch for SE Michigan has expired. #miwx”
Thank you and I will RT
do you think they were listening in on our tweeeetz!?!?!?! IS IT SOMEONE WE KNOW!?!?
Challenge now on analysis tools (combining datasets) not platform enhancement (M. Olson)
Damn, that sounds good...Enjoy!
YES FEEL FREE TO RETWEET DENVER GOLF EXPO .... ITS ALL THAT!!
call me! Want to run our game by u and another idea I have simmering.
Kids got a bid
just followed me! :) thnx!!!!
Do you ?
i will, but later sweetie.. Im at school right now :/ i can't.. So sorry!
Just went to Freddies; thought buying only wine at this hour would look bad. Then I remembered.... it's Easter so...
not being mean i hate my pizza for now.
Come find us tomorrow at Mt. Airy Day! We'll have tons of books on sale for super-cheap: $5 hardcovers and $3 paperbacks.
"Idea of American hate in Egypt is greatly exaggerated."
HE LIES
Gonna be worth a tune-in? Seriously, I'll switch off the Sirius Real Jazz.
dang that's too much!
web archving thematic GW websites + support campus and faculty, donors-based websites. Strong international focus
Welcome new followers and Glad to know you!
well it looks like im off to columbus to play a lil hockey. hopefully we win like last time
Looks like warehouse live will be letting us in for shows. The photos r gonna be epic
Happy hump day! Thanks for watching the ! Make it a good day!
"It was asking: Why am I the only woman here? during law school that first led me to campaign for women's rights." Unity Dow at USM today
Why at home?
I beat you in Zombie Qrank today. Burn. And no, I haven't read the latest book yet - gonna pick it up soon.
I'd love to be watching some Empire Strikes Back today
Gutter Gardens%3A Reuse Rain Gutters to Create a Space Saving Garden. http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2FtKOn6I
I feel great :D
TONIGHT - Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music at ABQ's Best Danceclub!!!
It does seem like a cruel trick to name a Japanese man's granddaughter "Evelyn"; but then he did name me a name he couldn't pronounce.
what a fattie. come over this weekend so i can see him.
u r moving? I didn't know that. Hav been swamped @ wrk.
So true! Being from Illinois, we know sweet corn only tastes right on hot summer days when you know it came from a farm stand!
Good game
I really don't care for her anymore. She is a selfish whore.
When you tell someone something and they say "I'll pray for you"... I wonder how many people ACTUALLY do??
Well played sir, well played. I take solace from Maya Angelou: While one may encounter many defeats, one must not be defeated
yes you need the first season once... Then never watch it again. :)
Come on Brewers lets do this
Phone's back! thank you byron's beer garden for getting me blackout and babysitting my phone for a day... for free!!!
$5 Shakes, Malts and Floats!
Be entered to win a free office for one year by liking us on FB!
>> I appreciate the follow king
floatin down the river down in New Orleans, diggin the crazy scenes in French Quarter this weekend. Weather is terrific! Jazz and more jazz
lol @ coconut ERL!!! I stay say ferl, erl, and berl so I'm not mad!
Headed down to to check it out! You should be there too!
Media email from Bdwy Across America's Matt Porter says: keep your tix if you were at today's #lesmisindy matinee. More info Mon.
fear cannot exist in the presence of trust and faith. It's the perfect example of "three's a crowd."
Business class is the .biz, son
Contributions are starting to roll in! Two anonymous $200 donations! I hope that we can keep the momentum up!
Ugh I can't wait to be out of this gay evolution class, more trouble then it's worth
I can only imagine.
omg stop messing with Kim she will do what she wants when she gets good and ready damn it
TY for including my blog in the Silk Skies Daily News!
I want to do something fun tonight. Someone make it happen :)
Working on my post. Make sure you follow them for all things fashionable.
the office reaks of man urine. no thanks to
Happy Monday Morning! Have a great day!
- congrats man! You guys deserve it!
heat. But both teams look solid. #lakers all the way though. Woo! Hahaha
GG season finale in an hour. Blah. Do I even wanna watch it? Don't answer that. Of course I will.
Lovely day in Corvallis, great conversations, thank you all! I'd come again, particularly if you can keep Delta from sending me via Atlanta
Siting at the studio tracking the third song off of the EP, fixing to move onto the fourth one! Who's ready for it release?
about to taste 26 craft beers. Wish us luck!
No one is loyal in life. Everyone uses each other for what they have until the other person is no longer useful.
Feet hurt, ankles hurt... EVERYTHING HURT!!!
okay :D
oh ok yu gettin mad at me
Not only am I not engaged, I don't even have a boyfriend. -__- someone shall pay for this prank
#ThingsICantStand r when people r world 2 me vent 2 me n they have 2 have that sad period of time n I can't b there to confert them :(
They downstairs making pancakes. Watch who offer me one? Nobody lol
I wonder if any guy has even been jealous of my male friendships
Let's have a fruitful week!!!
Warhol Campbell Tomato Soup canvas makes me hungry I grew up on that soup RT : Just two more days to see "Picasso to Warhol"
I'm off of hwy 50 just east of I-94. I'm by Verlo. Are you going to drop by?
Order sent to Sabrina in NJ!
oh yes, relaxation is fleeting so I try and embrace it and remember!
I'm so tired but today was good.
9 to 5 / day in out / months years decades / working for the boss / life hanging by a thread / of the dread / of a pink slip. Arya-Holmes.
"Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records." William A. Ward
Cool! I'll let you know when we hit the spot then!
Hey happy birthday!
I'd give you one except I need them all.. sorry
if it's a kid, absolutely! Nominate them to run for free!
Its flippin' 12at night and there's 10 year olds still playing outside -__- #GoToYourDamnBed!!
Yeah ask them
Hey no problem!! Thank you for the love and inspiration ;)
This was his idea. No person would be allowed to accumulate a personal net worth of more than 300 times the average family fortune.
Welcome to all my new followers. I am going to start using Twitter frequently. It seems to be important as a contact tool in 2012.
For those familiar with the Russian superhero Fandorin: in the latest novel, he fights the party of #CrooksAndThieves (via )
“: GOODLUCK” THANK YOU (:
: We are now open for the Ice Skating event tonight. 8:50PM-10:50PM.
China is pushing for health care reforms at the same time as the US; will be interesting to see the paths the two countries take.
what time will the world record be happening at usf in april 25th? I really want to come!:)
Works Cited Q: 2 works by same author, but once using middle initial and once not. Use --- for 2nd occurrence, or use name both times?
Napoleon Dynamite <3
Thanks for an inspiring night at #Entreprelooza! We loved hearing Mayor Gray champion IT entrepreneurs who are transforming DC!
What a week. Thankful for the people in my life.
just seriously...go away...it never was and never will be funny, jackass.
We'd use #Glyph for a mini- server, Unity 3D assets, in Domegirls class in planetarium production!
ok now i'm going to bed!
If you think "everything happens for a reason" about EVERYTHING that happens life gets more fun. Try it. I'm serious.
Food lust and I am about to tear into pig. Damn that guy cooks a lot of pig! mysteriously disappeared during cleanup.
Stay by the ones that truly love you play the ones that play you and take all you want. Live it!!!!
My life feels like a cruel comedy of errors today
so whats the excuse from lastnight?
Greinke's no decision is a perfect example why there shouldn't be a set playbook in baseball. Don't bring in a closer "just because"
BLAH!! when my cell phone rings i see the last numbers 7000 i shake! but no oh just wondering when your available to retest again... BLAH!!!
we aren't dating . but when I see you walking w/ someone else I just wanna punch them in the face
Sup bro!?!? I speak to you but you don't respond back. How bout some RT love? WTF?!?!?!
#TheVoice Ducky was much better than some people who have already made it through. :(
“: Can't wait til next season”
I'm really having a hard time with #Paleo #paleodiet when sick with a stomach virus. I crave pasta, bagels, bread, rice, etc. Ugh.
perfect throw by Jacory to hank for a U TD
>>Sarasota..not gonna be possible tho..got to many things goin on..I'm gonna have to autograph n send it to ya
why yes it is!
It's a cool 84 degrees right now. It will be in the 90s soon. I would be willing to trade climates with you at that point! :)
Larry never disappoints...but you have to meet my kids anyway, cause they are awesome :D
Tonight's Specials: Food: Lamb Burger: Balsamic Onion, Bleu Cheese, Tomato, Aoli w/ Side Drink: California Root Beer (Vodka, Galiano, Kalua)
thanks :) I like your white board. Maybe we can try that with ours.
Whew...cold is an understatement!!
You welcome
In San Antonio for our toughest game of the year so far 730 vs OLLU. 10-2 Rams vs 9-3 Saints. Winner takes early lead in conference
yikes! don't let that one get behind the wheel!
RT : It has been almost 10 hours since I trashed PassivHaus.. Tick..tick..tick < ruuunnnnn !
can you message me? sorry my dm wont let me send anything new for some reason
Bouta go on a gas station run
thanks for listening to presentation!
yes I have Asian powers
what is the schedule/location for RESULTS this Saturday? planning calendar, thanks!
-And Kiss Me Good Morning Too
And of course I sit here, a blubbering mess watching Crooklyn...
testing to see if u get this? Don't think I've tweeted u before (?) :) have a great day!
LOL! I flew to Vegas yesterday, by myself. What the heck?
Visiting with family and friends is wonderful, but there's no place like home!
Flying to Saigon, then Singapore. Look forward to the food, the people, and of course getting business done!
#Hoeski chants are still a thing?
note: next Christmas Album U should sing "Cold Outside" With Beyonce! Awesome~
Tired of these antibiotics and being sick :x
I have so much building up inside of me that I don't let out. This is gonna eventually end in a bad way.
This Good Friday is turning out to be great for me =D
dont get smart that's why you need some more followers lol
RT But know what? The people make ANY place. Houston has really good peeps that make mosquitoes & heat worthwhile #HIWI [WORD]
Wayne County Sheriff's searching Sodus Bay for George H Heinz I, 21, missing since Monday
The Black Pine - Let Go
Lenovo Continues to Speed Up PC Boot, Start Times with Enhanced Experience 3 - MarketWatch (press release)
got home. let's text?
you got some rum in that coke
"Nothing is work unless you'd rather be doing something else." - George Halas.
Good morning, #Portland!
do u think that's a good or bad thing?
#10thingsihate people wearing fake shit and acting like they the shit!
Woohoo!! RT : Can't wait to have dinner with the queen Tomorrow night!
Made it to work thru the snow. . . the return trip home will be interesting to say the least!
great, great article.
Instagram for Android Instagram for Android Instagram for Android!
i cry every time i see a one direction account with a creepy pic of 11 year old miranda cosgrove as their icon bless.
: yeah they did-___- | how many points ?
Sorry to hear about N'Digo magazine. Guess it's just another sign of the times.
The man that knows something knows that he knows nothing at all
sure I got a bunch of pics
if your not following me your I'm not following you. and all that bull you follow me I follow back most don't follow when you follow them
Love is weakest when there is more doubt than trust but LOVE is strongest when we learn to trust in spite of the doubts.
I'm afraid we don't have 2009 calendars anymore, sorry!
Happy mothers Day !!! :))
Hurray! // RT : finally reserved my dorm room for !
Any artists submitting work to Brucennial 2012, the "less-organized-than-artfully-disorganized" alternative to the Whitney Biennial? DM me.
did anyone from your museum participate in the conversation series?
I LOVE THE ROMEO AND JULIET WITH LEONARDO DICAPRIO IN IT. ITS JUST AMAZING .
interesting menu item, but I would never buy it
28 days of history makers...phoenomenal speakers like and host
“: This was hysterical ->Obama pwns Trump is.gd/ph6S53
RT : I always text at the rudest hours. He's going to cuss me out one of these mornings lol<#ignorantass lol
How u gunna fart near the door so ppl can't stand near the door
that looks amazing. Where did you find this?
y cant things/life be simple/easy. its always a no win situation. i need space but then i miss u, then where were 2gether i need space.
Hmm. Sounds fishy. Although I wouldn't go as far as and say it was a trap. Most likely a letter was s'posed to come.
I don’t want the glow, I want the glory
Have I mentioned I'm going to Disneyland on Thursday? I'm so excited!
...its paid. Surprise.
Hope's shrinking, When I try to speak, no words; lip-syncing, Hope this is not just wishful thinking.......Kn
are we ever gonna chill and scream dude?
Progressive thinker --> : i finally have a younger generation progressive thinker --&gt.
dat ass! It's all I got. But for real I'd be a way better waiter than he is too.I'd even warn u about the shitty martini u got!
Today's PR 3.0 will be at the Slammer Tavern just a couple blocks down Stark from our headquarters. See everybody there at 4 p.m.
I'm finally entering the world of Tweeting. What fun! Follow me. love you, AFT
Smelling like hot dogs as you go to sign up for a 5k: Embarrassing? It's gotta be
So I dodged the 7:15am meeting tomorrow. At least until next week.
RT : NICE, VERY NICE. Right back atcha! Laughed today with "sun jacket" comment. Let's get that word in circulation.
My bedroom is looking super indie eclectic.. I don't know how I feel about this.
Does anybody have an owner's manual for a girlfriend? Mine's making a terrible loud noise
Boston “: Its too easy for these spurs...can someone tell me a team that can beat them this year?”
I lived in LA for 5 years and never felt anything like that. Our whole building was wobbling!!!
mase I just wanna thank you for all of ur years of service t the baltimore ravens, u exemplify what itmeans to play like a raven
Thanks to all that came out to support our pancake breakfast / bake sale!
Today is my Friday.
College showcase today at Nazareth College...Finger Lakes Coaches Clinic yesterday = a full weekend of basketball
I was doing so good tho :/ lol but it's somehow still working
Letters = the Zooniverse citizen science journal.
chicken nuggets and fries in the 80s.. yeah buddy
Men&Women of The 99%.... Help small Business Owners&Unemployed Mothers by Supporting your Online Representative Shop Avon -
How ever you celebrate with your valentine, I hope there are lots of smiles involved!
Maybe my team will feel my support vibes in the #DMV and start playing #Tarheel basketball. We don't miss free throws!!!
NEW FRESH DANK IN, GOING FAST: AK-47! Super potent Indica for only $12/G or $30/8th! Enjoy ;)
Can't wait to see u there either Thomas!!! ^.^
I truly hope the #Colts take Upshaw so the #Ravens can't. Red Flags Reg Flags...
RT Great cause! Thank you for supporting so many great local orgs. >> Amen to that . And, Thanks!!
At the HEAT GAME with my brother (Jason Garte) thanks papa!
a nice little evening for some footy
And thanks for the RT!
Hanging with sadie tomorrow...I miss that girl even thou I see her everyday and school :)
And they go down in a whimper again...
Are you an interaction designer with visual design skills? Open to new opps? Please reply with a portfolio link.
EVEN ONE DAY I'll meet you '.
I wanna feel reckless. I wanna live it up, just because. I wanna feel weightless, cause that would be enough. "Weightless" by All Time Low
No Joke here, I just had a customer tell me she had a problem with the lactating acid in her legs.
Our camp's two gigantic moving trucks and packed and on the road to BR City. Wrapping stuff up before boarding the RV to NV in the morning.
yes, I never like being stereotyped, that is for sure. And I do love technology. Texting has its place
A comment on a video of a baby goat: "What are you going to do when it gets bigger? Release it back to the wild?"
wants his friends to continue this story by adding a leading sentence. lets go: Once upon a time there was a dwarf called.
So her theory is that today's men are somehow better at their jobs because past men did similar jobs?
we open back up tomorrow at 11:00am, come in and enjoy lunch...don't forget Happy Hour!
I can be I'm working out in AM so shoot me a time
lol you finally made that move.
So cold in the ABQ tonight!!! Bundle up with someone you love, or have a drink at
Text me!! I have to ask you something
When does the season start up again?
Idk if I'm more thirsty than hungry or hungry than thirsty ...
The amount of Dora product I purchase is questionable.
Beatles Fact: The Beatles had sold 1M records by 1985 & had 21 #1 singles in the U.S. Enjoy the music...#RetroOnThePatio May 10th
The Cribline is live!
thanks man! How are you?
:'( not only is hurt but i got tickets for warped tour just 2c bvb on july7 & ive ben lookin 4ward to this for so long
oh I deff will!!!!
your too funny, imy!
you know wassup especially cause we have the same name ;p
Who let Frank Drebin behind the plate tonight? This guys way off.
In the meantime, we will be replacing the horse statue on the North Oval with a threatening carp with glowing red eyes.
SO close to 1000 followers! RT the #musical #Theatre love!
Stryker Sonoma Winery & Vineyards Here's the original article from Sunday's SFGate.com .. 47 minutes ago · 1 ·LikeUnlike · Comment · Share
Why did you give minnesota a run?
I would LOVE to take you, but i had previously planned a weekend trip to lake arrowhead. if they make 2nd round then ya :D
Made a late night trip to Meijer for hairspray, saw a local newscaster and (I think) an ex-boyfriend there.
Parra finds a way to get out of that mess.
The suspension design also improves rear isolation and enables the use of 20-inch wheels on the MKT
Best line of the nite "why can't be your honey bunny butt pie?"
Craig Bellamy, you beautiful, neckless man!
amazing few days for performance/dance here in the district of columbia. exhibits A-E will follow as proof for nonbelievers.
#3wordsforyou los angeles clippers
Wish my soul was at peace. Wish my mind could meet sleep.
did it have a mustache??
#SMTips: Planning holiday travel? Many airlines, including southwest & AA, are having fare sales that end today! Book before midnight.
we love you too.
yup just did and replied :) same here ahaa i still can't wait to finally meet you <3
You're welcome! Anytime!! C:
doubt it
Hello world. Woke up feeling good today
You're not that cool motherfucker. Shut your shit Already
who doesn't? It's rent free at least.. I miss you too, GET TO SEE YOU IN ABOUT 33 HOURS!
Lmfaooooo im officially scared for life !
back homee!! presentations went well ;]
Let's get the fun day started!
you're so mean lol
Please visit www.designoptionssweaters.com for the largest online selection of fabulous beaed sweaters by Design Options!
"Chefs as Farmers" RT : Get yr copy of Edible San Diego No. 16 hot off the prss &
Love that the Miz is hosting this reunion
I see that you're breakin, your heart is breakin. Here's my hand if you'll take it. We can make it out.
What up tweople! Good Monday what&#39;s poppin ?
I always liked that part myself too.
THE LOS ANGELES RIPPER IS JUST ABOUT WRAPPED!!!
LOL..I really can't believe her
Thanks so much for the kind words about my presentation at the DFW Conference. It was a pleasure to meet you!
Congratulations, Lobos for a great season. Sweet 16 next year?
Macau...I never heard of that country.
congrats!!! Where did your brother graduate from?
sounds like some shit I say
RocLyfe Ent. artists Nerdtastic will be releasing their mixtape in late January..stay tuned
Q:What do you do with percussionists that lose one of their drumsticks? A: Stick them up front of the group and tell them to wave their arms
RT : I still can't believe how amazing the Airtel Africa 3.75G network here in Tanzania is… I am not missing AT&T one bit…
MY DREAM JOB IS TO BE THE NEXT HOST OF *YOUR NEW HOME* AND DRINK COFFEE ON TEEVEE
Love you on QVC last night!
Pitchfork calls Lynch's video #nsfw, but I think it's just
omg hey
Minneapolis is flooding its rinks this morning. There may be some hockey left in this winter after all.
his hugs > your hugs. his kisses > your kisses. his smile > your smile. his laugh > your laugh. him > you.
And Congratulations by the way!
Don't forget the lyrics! Over the _____, To grandmother's house we go! #ChevyFun w/the
lol she's ma momma in my heart 
Wow, sad & shocking. We have forever been changed by his design & innovation. Steve Jobs-a legacy & inspiration that will always live on.
Lets get one thing straight. Favre is NOT retiring. This is about wanting to be wanted.
Glad to hear it's not just me. I gave it my best shot, but I just don't like it. Have a great G+ free weekend.
What fun are good excuses?!
haha! we appreciate you indulging our humor! :) the race is actually the day b4 on june 25 @ 8am so you can enjoy BOTH equally!
What's your favorite movie so far this year?
Falling asleep... gets a text message... gets iPhone... FB with one eye open... checks Twitter... ok sleep, let's give this another shot...
Okay, time to get out the car, let's see what going on inside
Hell ya! CU wins baby! Great game
#THATCamp Bay Area to be held in SF, Oct 9-10, 2010. Follow for more info, coming soon.
Had an ok day didn't snap on nobody today now it's time to sleep
You're all lushes.
Shit...even talking at the speed i'm going, my speech is still gonna run the full 9 minutes I think :O....
Remember when marketing to children meant adding a Z to every product name? It's not like that anymore. Kids these days are all about E's.
i could be wrong here but they do trade carbon credits in the u.s.
just witnessed a very old man seduce a spanish waitress
Had a Blast at today!
How do you create your future?You create your daily habits and they create your future.
Bruce Chen is not a good pitcher. These first two innings make me sad.
macys making me cookies :) 👍
Someone should buy me an elephant ^-^
Its hot!! Water fight!
Check your inbox silly! We think you'll be pleasantly surprised!
There once was a girl from Nantucket...oh yeah...FCC rules.
You are classless but predictable in your snarky comments about Brietbart. Thank you for keeping the bar of civility low
its the first snap of the last straw where the last regrets out weigh the alcohol! LOVE this song ;)
Jay Matthes. First one ready at the Matthes house.
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
Smh right i didnt want too stay too long cause it looks like you was havin a good time . lol
Apparently, failed to inform me that she changed her twitter name to #buttface!
follow me please !!!:)
Missing and this weekend. Reminiscing.
Happy Birthday Bro!!!!
I love a thick ass redbone..just that got errythang together like a dream woman right there!! lol
Damn cat should've clipped Ade's hamstrings.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness for it shows me the stars. - Og Mandino
or they think your attraction unless they have a angry face.
too bad Mogo bit the dust in War of the Green Lanterns sounds like you could have used a vacation :-\
Tiny Asian lady strangers are more considerate than the dudes I'm on this trip, jeez!
that's kind of awkward. Haha.
« I love My followers ♥»
We are running a deal on Yelp! Get $20 for $10!
That knee is finished.
"BITCH YOU GOT RAPED, GET OUT" is what you yell after a rape. it is not what you yell during -- what is ostensibly -- televised sports
It's Beer Breakfast Tuesday! Today's menu includes Sinebrychoff Porter and a Mikkeller Beer Geek Breakfast
Come on #UNCAshville .... you can do this... play smart....
Thanks for the re-tweet. Again, Snapper was awesome, thanks for having him on last night!
Thank U! Thank U for the follow! :-) have an awesome day!
Thanks for following. Looking forward to your tweets
Did you catch the Country Music Awards last night? Who was your favorite winner?
Up early working on this new design for this athletic camp.
No one said it would be easy
I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you....
How so?
Hosp/Major Deductible- Common Incident Provision means if everyone is hospitalized for the same incident. There is only 1 Deductble for all
That angry moment when you can’t find any meat in your soup.
dam back that up hallendale
#Niners, my childhood team!! And you the supermodel xo
Thanks for reading and sharing! I've been touching on this stuff for a while, now i'm going to spell it out.
This is the longest day of my life. Just waiting for 9:23.
That feeling you get when you get a text from someone you've been wanting to talk to for a while <3
Gaining knowledge and life experience is the best (and only good?) part of aging.
Shh text me soon!
Some guy thought he was bold today when me, , and together lol.
Yes Kaleigh, my lips are soft and taste like hotness. ;) Love you :D
outside pools? I think they open this weekend
2nd hottest ticket in town behind the #pacers has to be this Friday at ! First to get back to me gets 2 tickets!
Dreams amaze me
what happened?
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<3 4
is it just me or do these things want to fight back!!!?
smile for all them haters
-- Not Den Derrick Rose , Paul Take That Shit To The Rack Getting His Shit Toss , He Not Even Better Then WestBrook
RT : #tnt2 #heweb11:Awesome idea-allow students to submit:30 videos to celebrate faculty&staff who helped them to graduate
Seriously. He thinks I'm being a wuss, but I keep thinking they're going to start talking. Got his first as a post-tour tip, got the bug.
I'm so bored ;P what's up?
Any updates on when the new blackberry is coming out?
"Ladies, don't settle for the bench, just because he a player...you deserve to be starting"
I just hope women at start looking for jobs else where NOW.
Just saw a whole lotta butt crack on Connecticut Ave
Love your work... Best wishes to you in 2012!
MLB should just accept the loss and move on. We know it disagrees with the Braun decision.
What's that? Salsa at The Marquee Lounge starting February 18th?? Free?
You probably shouldn't be ungrateful in any way and you should probably learn to be a better person
thanks i am following you back
I'm getting server errors. Is this a known problem?
...I want to listen to that song. Lol
Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying and believe in yourself!
Lmfao! Nah you sabe...I tall pass you far way!!!
I've got my first VC meeting today. This is a great time to be starting a web software company!
i love eating nutella sandwiches.
It's almost #HIMSS12. We're looking forward to seeing our great customers and #HITsm and #HealthIT friends. We'll be at booth 4041.
SXSW + Saint Patrick's Day = SHEER INSANITY
Glad to see you've been to more countries than I have, . I think I've only made it to 18....gotta work on it! Tks 4 the follow!
follow me?(:
Of course not. Who cares about kids in this town?
what a fantastic wine list they have!
It's been an day with my #cigars. I've had an Ortega Serie D No. 10 & a Cubano No. 2. Great smokes!
TF I look like sharing you with somebody.
Man, I'm gonna add my little bit this summer, see how much I can help, & hope it makes a small difference.
“Progressive authors want the technology to tell their stories with pictures, sounds, & video as readily as they can with writing. "- Digi
Happy Mother's Day!
I'm going to be live tweeting ON-AIR about 5 times over the next hour. Instead of freaking out about it - come watch and chat @ Zenlive.tv
UNFUCKING REAL...JJ vs AJ...A on turn...AGAIN! How bad do I run?
Damn I'm ready to get out of this office!
Just want a cold bud light and a bonfire
So excited to celebrate 2night w/40 high school graduates who overcame the odds! 54% of kids in foster care ever graduate from high school.
#IWantYouTo see me
Love walking by Sophia's Heart on my way to the gym and hearing them practice. Great tenant at the !
Tmac actually dunked on somebody
u should dove into dat bitch nd been like pow bitch
Latin Vibe Fridays VIP tables going fast. Don't miss out! Reserve your table TODAY! It's going to be crazy. Sorority-Fraternity-Fridays
So true:"Early Research Catches the Worms" great post by about getting outside ourselves + testing our assumptions
is so awesome -- the songs and artist pairings chosen for the duets are amazing!
I'm not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship." -- Louisa May Alcott
lol.....lol OMG only you josh, only you!!! :)
Just finished 2 days of recording w/ my new trio w/ John Hebert and Satoshi Takeishi!! Lot's of music!
you're always at egyptian.. you should start checking out instead of checking in.
Wisdom arrives in silence, Beth. Shhhhh....
Great events meeting with today. BIG stuff coming this Summer!!
it's funny. I never got a message but just saw this. Probably because we r on diff planets
Apple has only 8.8% of cell phone market, but accounts for 73% of cell phone profits. So why has their stock been going down?
My score is 27. I improved it by 14 points over the past 30 days! ~ This is pathetic I think I like Klouchebag better.
Please follow me ?:))
on average, how much does a booking cost?
come see The Bellmen
it's freaky!!! Your 9 year old sister??!??!she watches a lot of like... Bad... Shows
every meal is always awesome with you! Was craving the chopped salad, can't get enough of that.
Wow, we're so impressed by the check-ins at Polling places! #Ivoted!!
#Oscars #wine pairing: marinated pork roast with Traminette, gold medal winner at 2011 Tasters Guild Intl. Get red carpet ready.
Successful trips too the mall>>>>>
yup. I'll be there by noon.
This is a horrible story Mr. Schue. Unless your dad was abusive.
Just drank a Hot Chocolate in the middle of July! :)
Cass Sunstein, you would be vindicated to know that I am addicted to McDonalds Monopoly. Cognitive dissonance, excess optimism
I think it's universal that HS websites are rubbish. Mine seems to have moved to a CMS that no one bothered to learn.
This Dairy Queen is infested with Mosquitos.
My mother loves herself some Donovan McNabb. Her idea of eye candy. Lmbo.
Do older white people care about children of color? -Dan Lichter
And the "criminal-count" grows.
Don't make me and give to ass a good ol westcoast beat down.. Then we gone blood walk on your 4head hoe!!
one word for paul pierce: phenomenal!!! even tho they didnt get the win it was a great effort!!
Lavo Brunch rocked time to rally for
you don't reply to everyone... Help out a fan and give a shout out,I'm in a drought I almost have as many followers as you
Stuffed!! I'll find room for dessert~
